This week, 7 Days of Awesome Games Done Quick results in over 1 million dollars raised for
the Prevent Cancer Foundation. Congratulations to the organizers, runners, and thank you
to all the donors. Tonight, ready your shots with this week's VR news and join us for the
show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio tonight with episode number 627
for this January the 10th of 2016. My name is Rob Roberts, coming to you live from Sacramento,
California in Studio N7. You might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, and sadly not
joining me tonight in Studio DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. DarkSakura, if you were listening
to last week's show, her and the husband went to Disneyland to bid a final farewell to some
parts of the park where today is actually, today actually is the last day that they're
going to be open because the construction for Star Wars Land starts I guess tomorrow
or whenever Disney's ready for that. So they are doing one last goodbye to the Bucket of
Meat restaurant and the Petting Zoo and some of those places there. I've been looking at
some pictures on her Facebook and I'm sure she'll be back next week to tell us about
Hyperspace Mountain and any games she might have ran into there because I know they have
some of the old Flynn's Arcade from Electronica they have by Space Mountain now so I'm not
sure if any of that's changed. We'll check in with her because I'm sure her and Dan were
keeping an eye out for that. If there was a Tron pinball machine to be played, you can
guarantee they played it. So we'll be saying hi to her next week. In the meantime, we are
joined in studio by Techmaster Loki! Hello! Who is not sadly at Disneyland. It's not sad,
I don't really care for Disneyland too much. Oh that's right, you're not as big, you never
got into the Disney thing like the rest of us did. You don't like fun. No, I just don't
like roller coasters to be honest. That's right, you were never a big fan of us. I have
a fear of heights and I don't like, I don't like the feeling of like, dying and uh. But
then I could see why you wouldn't want to go to like Magic Mountain or somewhere where
more of the thrill rides are. Well yeah, I mean and even like I, like there was a short
period of time that actually was psyched up and I got myself over my whole like kind of
fear of roller coasters. And I don't actually fear them, like I know personally like that
I'm not, I'm completely safe on them and everything, so like I know that, but my body doesn't know
that and it's just like oh my god oh my god oh my god! And like, like even on stupid shit
like on um, like you have it in over California Adventure or whatever the fuck it is, it's
like that stupid ride that they have it like um, even just like a midway ride or whatever
it's like where you get in the swings or whatever and it goes up a little bit like, like it
spins you around. Oh yeah, it used to be a big orange, I think they changed it, the silly
symphony swings I think it is now. Like even that like, I just like, having like a mild
panic attack with. I can actually see that, so the California Adventure has more of the
thrill stuff, you know, they have the roller coaster that actually goes upside down. Tower
of Terror is not for everybody and if you're not a heights person you're not going to enjoy
that. But I get it, Loki, not every fear is necessarily rational. No, but like there's
seriously the one trip though that I got over it and it was like, you know, big, you know,
big mountain or thunder mountain railroad like over and over and over and over and over
again and then like matter over and over and over and over again and like I was completely
fine with it and stuff. Did you get over it with the help of our friend Xanax or what?
No, like I just went on it like a few times and like I was like oh this isn't that bad
and I had a lot of fun with it and then finally, you know, that was like when I was like a
teenager and stuff and then I came back later as an adult and it's like oh look I'm scared
of it again. It's like what the fuck happened there? So I don't... Will you do the virtual
reality coasters? You know we got a lot of VR news this week. Will you do the coasters
of virtual reality? Or is that going to... No, I'll do those just fine and yeah I still
get that vertigo feeling and stuff but it's not like I'm like oh my goodness I'm going
to die. Because I know it's just a headset I have on. Even though we do not have Dark
Soccer here tonight, we are expected a little later in the show. Alan's going to join us
here in studio. He's wrapping up some stuff for his job. He'll be joining us a little
later to do like a classic game of the week and some of the Jamie stuff in her absence.
But in the meantime we are joined every week by you guys live. We do tape live every Sunday
night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, our pal Bobby. You want to talk VR? We're going
to get into that tonight. And Bobby's really been following that VR scene for a very long
time so you know he had some words about the news this week. So check out his show this
week if you missed it live. But if you are listening live of course head on over to our
chat room over at live.vognetwork.com and we do read comments from chat throughout the
night where we can fit them in. And then of course we'll take calls later on on our Skype
line username Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. And actually some folks in
chat were talking about the thrill rides. Dungeon Buster starting us off tonight saying
I love coasters, those spinny rides not so much. And I can kind of see that because I
love coasters. I really do. And I'll even do the Magic Mountain coasters but you know
what I won't do which is weird because I used to do it as a kid but now that I'm an adult
I can't do it is the Gravitron. You know what that is? The fair? I don't know if this is
a national thing. I'm kind of assuming it is but if you don't know what the Gravitron
is it looks like a big spaceship and it spins around really fast so that in the inside basically
you kind of lose gravity. I don't even thinking about it is making me ill. Like the sensation
in that ride. Like it's just I can't do it. So I think there is a big difference between
the spinning and the coasters. It's weird but I can't explain it. I guess the spin of
a loop on the roller coaster is one time and it's not as fast as the Gravitron. So
let's see. Bobby Blackwolf says so Sky wouldn't do mission space at Epcot. Probably not if
that's what it involves is the spinning around thing which I know a lot of space training
is so that would make sense. Don't they have a special version though? Like they have one
side for people that can do it and one side that can't. I'll do the side that can't. That's
how we have to do and I swear it's a video game show but people, theme parks, who doesn't
love theme parks besides Loki? Finding Nemo, my friend that I usually go to Disneyland
with, Lady Victoria, she was on the show like a million years ago. She's claustrophobic
and will not do those subs because even though the sub is not a thrill ride it really goes
around. They're very claustrophobic. Very claustrophobic and you're underwater so it's
not for everybody. So whenever I go to the park with her I have to do that handicap accessible
version of the ride which is basically you go in a little room and they project what
you would be seeing on the wall with the same narration and everything else. I make it sound
really lame but Disneyland has a certain way of making, they use lights and things to really
give you a similar sensation. They do a decent job of it considering you're not actually
going underwater but I always have to do that version of the ride. If they have that
for Mission at Mars I would do that. I can only hope that the version of Hall of Presidents
that I've been seeing has been like the handicap accessible one and like the real one. Abraham
Lincoln comes out as a giant robot and starts attacking people with laser vision. That would
be awesome. Bobby Blackwell says there is a green team side that doesn't do the 2.5G's.
It's more like Star Tours. Star Tours is fine. Star Tours is cake. I love Star Tours. That's
a lot of fun. I hear they enhanced that with something from the new movie so I'm excited
to see that at some point. One of these days I'll get back to Disneyland. It's super expensive
now. Five years ago when you would hear me talk about it on the show all the time, back
when I had an annual pass and I was going every few weeks, it wasn't nearly as expensive
but because of the success of California Adventures Remodel and Cars Land, those passes are really
expensive. A little bit of greed too but I get it. I think in a way they want to price
people out because they don't want the insane crowds for special events that they usually
have. Or they're just saying, how high can we make this before people stop coming? Maybe.
It's a video game show. We could talk about Adventures in the Magic Kingdom on the Nintendo
Entertainment System. Did you ever play that? Adventures in the Magic Kingdom on NES? It
was actually kind of bad. Maybe. I don't remember. It was one of those early Capcom games and
it actually had a replica map of Disneyland that for an 8-bit game is pretty accurate.
But the whole deal is that you go around to these rides, the big rides of the park, the
e-ticket rides like Pirates of the Caribbean, Haunted Mansion, and each one was just basically
mini games. Throwing out the terminology that most people are going to miss. E-ticket means
the big budget rides. The big stuff. The stuff I named. Pirates of the Caribbean. Not like,
I hate to say it because I love the teacups, but the teacups is not an e-ticket ride. That's
kind of a lower budget ride. Anyway. Let's see. Go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. DarkTetsuya is saying, we could also talk about Kingdom Hearts 3. If we were
talking about Kingdom Hearts 3, then that would also be, I suppose, acceptable to keeping
it Disney related. I guess that's a good point. I'm just sorry. Some of these rides, I can
understand if you're strapped into the roller coaster. Cool. Okay. That makes sense. You're
not going to fall out and stuff. But like, how's anybody not dying on Pirates of the
Caribbean? That's all I have. Alright. Let's see. BobbyBlackWolf in chat
reminding me, Rob made me ride Small World after making him almost puke on the teacups.
Me and Jason. Yeah, I think I do remember it spinning really fast, those teacups though
so we were all in it. Anyway. Alright. Let's get into games. Kickoff topic tonight. So,
I know many of you were watching this past week the awesome Games Done Quick marathon
that happened on Twitch is how most of us were watching it. I know it was also a live
event that they did, I think in DC is where they have it at a hotel out there. And you
know, many people throughout the speedrunning community playing games as fast as they can
for charity. And I don't know about you, Loki, but I find that I've been watching this
more and more with each marathon. And they do, part of what I really have enjoyed about
it is seeing them glitch games that I grew up with. Like Final Fantasy IV was the very
last thing they did last night. And I watched a bit of that run. And there's all these glitches
they did for like duping items and stuff that I just didn't even realize you could do in
the game when I played through it when I was 12. And yeah, I was almost like inspired
in a way by it. I took a game that I thought, well, if I were to speedrun any game, what
would I want to learn how to speedrun? And we actually talked about this a few weeks
on the show. And I think the game I kind of settled on that I want to try to get better
at is Super Mario Brothers 2. Just because that's just a platformer I just loved as a
kid and I still love today, even if I have to play stupid Toad to really be as fast as
possible because Toad can pick the grass just slightly more. But I swear, I swear some
of those worlds, I've seen some of the speedrunners do it. And I swear Princess is better than
Toad at some of the stuff they're trying to do. So we'll see. We'll see. I'm going to
give it a go. Try to work on it. It's hard. It is not as easy as it looks. You have to
really time things perfectly in order to be able to do that. So yeah. Dar Tetsuya in chat
says hey Toad is not stupid. I'm sorry. I can't stand playing him in Mario 2. He feels
so gimp to me in Mario 2. I used to like Toad. The Princess float is so OP. But maybe that's
just what I remember when I was a kid is I would play Luigi and the Princess because
they both kind of floated. Luigi did a different sort of thing but he was really effective.
He can jump higher than anyone and that power jump can really skip entire sections of the
game. Let's see Tech 2030 talking about Awesome Games Done Quick saying my favorite thing
I watched was the Fez speedrun. Very informative. I'm watching a lot more but not live. I've
been binging them as they've been adding them to YouTube all this week. A lot more convenient.
I love binging a bunch of them through my Apple TV so I can watch on the big screen.
Yeah I used the Twitch app on PlayStation 4 and I watched a lot of it on the big screen.
Shane was over last night. We were working on an unrelated thing on his computer and
watching Awesome Games Done Quick a little bit and just watching some of the dupe. I
don't know if you get a chance to watch a lot of that. Loki I know you with the kids
and everything don't always get TV time but did you see anything else?
I didn't really watch any. I do like watching them though. I kind of glanced over the schedule
and I didn't know what I wanted to watch.
Well there was some other stuff I watched too. A little bit of like the Velocity 2X.
They had a whole Indie Games block which I thought was really cool because it's kind
of bringing awareness to maybe games that people may not know about otherwise. I thought
that was pretty cool. Okay here's the crazy part. So Orange Launch Radio started as a
music game show which I'm sure you guys all know. We focused on things like Dance Dance
Revolution was the big one at the time because that's how Loki, Dar Saka and I all met was
at the arcade playing that game. And then we would do things like you know Parappa the
Rappa and all this stuff. So over the years when we were more exclusively music games
this program that allowed you to play DER on your computer showed up and it was called
StepMania was this program. And for the longest time we were kind of sitting here going when
StepMania going to get shut down by Konami because basically it's kind of better than
DDR PC actually turned out. It does more than what DDR even on the PC did. And I'm thinking
StepMania never really got the book thrown at it because I don't think they ever sold
it. But if I'm not mistaken and I'm having to go old age memory here but wasn't in the
groove adapted from StepMania. Yeah it's basically StepMania. And so that's when Konami
got him and that was when In the Groove released on PlayStation 2 is when finally Konami was
like throw the book at him basically. And you know we talked extensively about Kyle
Ward about this almost a year ago now and talked about that whole thing. So the reason
why I bring that up is that obviously what a lot of people were talking about from Awesome
Games Done Quick was this guy that was playing actually was it two of them? That was playing
I didn't get to see the whole thing but that was playing StepMania and was playing some
just really crazy stuff in StepMania that's not meant for actual dancing. Let's be real
it's not meant for DDR because you had stuff where it was like hitting all four arrows
in between mines where you're not even supposed to be standing on the pad. Like there's stuff
you're not going to be able to do with your feet. So it was kind of controversial. Like
some people were very much like what the hell is this? This is really cool because
this guy is you know banging on the keyboard so hard and so fast that the camera is actually
shaking that's you know I guess on the table or whatever like it's just it's just so much
it's intense right if you try to play. We always called it finger finger revolution
and which leads to all the jokes you can imagine. But StepMania is basically finger finger revolution.
And so it goes so fast that you know it's causing things to shake and other people were
like what the hell is this doing in awesome games done quick? It's a game like this you
don't really run quick there's nothing to do but play the song. And you know there's
that technicality that I don't believe this was actually meant to be a speed run it was
more of an exhibition what they were doing with Stepania. But still it was it was so
weird to see like holy crap topic from 10 years ago is all of a sudden new again in
awesome games done quick. But I suppose and there was a part of me that was like I don't
know how I feel about that that's so weird but then I think you know they do a lot of
obscure games during awesome games done quick. I watched them do this game on the Super Nintendo
that was like I don't even know what it was it looked really really garbage and it was
only like six levels long and it was really it was really not a great looking game but
I was like alright I guess if they can run really obscure stuff like this is StepMania
really out of place? Probably not. So I just thought that was that was interesting to observe
that whole thing that it was more like it was trending on Facebook right StepMania is
like I don't know if you saw on Facebook it was actually in the bar it says here's what's
trending on Facebook and like it's like you know dude plays StepMania and it's crazy.
And I was just like in a way I'm kind of like I just I don't want to sound hipster
but I kind of knew about that six or seven years ago.
Well it's a good thing he wasn't playing on the pad because you know as soon as someone
starts playing on the pad there's going to be a little kid that runs across so they just
that wouldn't have been good for the live stream.
Oh my god Dark Tetsuya you you read my mind Lester the Unlikely that was the game I know
there was an awful games done quick block yeah that was it and that was the game I saw
wow I can't believe you guessed that based off what little I said. Let's see Dungeon
Buster says the Crypt of the Necrodancer Coda run was insane. The Lester run was neat it
was scheduled super late though not if you're west coast time. Let's see other comments
in chat over at live.vognetwork.com. TigerClaws say did you see the Super Metroid two players
one controller run that was amazing. I didn't see that I actually missed all the Super Metroid
stuff I just wasn't around when it was on I'm sure it'll be on YouTube later and I'll
catch it there but two players one controller I know right like you know all those jokes
write themselves about that that's pretty crazy but cool so props to Awesome Games Done
Quick they raised what like 1.2 million dollars I think for charity and I'm told that it's
not as much as they raised last year I think they did 1.5 last year but you know A it's
still money for a good cause and B you know the economy is just going to vary year after
year and what people can give and just there's so many factors that play into it I still
think you know it's only a million dollars I mean that's still an impressive amount of
money for and I'm using my quotey fingers here a bunch of gamers to be collecting for
a great charity so you know what that's that's 1.2 million dollars well spent fuck cancer
right so yeah good on you guys with Awesome Games Done Quick and everybody who donated
and all that stuff one more thing before I move on on the step mania Awesome Games
Done Quick stuff somebody else is bringing up in the Awesome Games Done Quick there was
also the Super Nintendo game Lagoon which is really funny to me that that was in the
awful games done quick statement because Lagoon I remember that game vividly from when I was
younger and the Super Nintendo was out and that was I really think Lagoon was the first
video game I ever rented and it was a game that I rented more than once I actually really
enjoyed it but again I was what 12 years old so you forgive a lot of the things that you
look back on and are really dopey now you know video games have come a long way and
bad translations were just it's something that was part of the charm in the Super Nintendo
era you know like Final Fantasy 4 and you spoonie bard you know just some of the some
of the funny little things that happen in translation I think were always you know kind
of epic and so obviously Lagoon has a lot of those issues but I got to admit as a 12
year old I didn't really notice them as much as people do now so it's kind of I don't know
it's the whole thing's funny to me for some reason so alright before we get into our gaming
week I actually had a second topic to bring up here because I just thought you know it's
the beginning of the year here we are 2016 we're past our predictions and all that stuff
but there's a lot of gaming anniversaries to be celebrated this year you know we saw
as we saw a lot of them last year right Super Mario Brothers turned 30 and we had Super
Mario Maker as a result of that right so I would like to present for you right now some
anniversaries coming up this year and I'm gonna listen carefully for the pain it's gonna
cause you when you go oh my god I'm old oh god I'm so old so let's take a moment to write
really feel old everybody you ready and I want all caps in chat as you guys feel old
so here we go on January 29th Duke Nukem 3D turns 20 that's awesome Duke Nukem 3D not
the original but the 3D one that was you know the multiplayer and all that probably still
better than Duke Nukem Forever the best game they probably ever did in that series 20 years
old this month I remember playing that game in college in the dorms I'm feeling really
old right now February 21st the Legend of Zelda turns 30 30 years old for Zelda which
makes sense cause Super Mario turned 30 last year but do you know what turns 20 in February
20 years old you ready Pokemon red and green or as it was here in the states blue Pokemon
red and blue turn 20 years old in February that broke somebody guess what else turns
20 in March Resident Evil Resident Evil came out 20 years ago this year it does feel that
old too going from the chat I think Resident Evil out of any of the game series it really
needs a tomb raider-esque reboot like something Tech 2030 in chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says Rob why stop it no because this is what I have to go through every day when somebody
tells me about how old they were when something comes out and it's just for fun come on let's
see also Tiger Claw in chat says you know what turns 43 in February me well happy early
birthday Tiger Claw and the Bobby Black Wolf keeps saying oh that came out when I was 9
that came out when I was 9 because you know the 29 joke yes I understand all right let's
see oh also celebrating 30 years in May Dragon Quest turns 30 in May which again a game of
the NES era makes sense for some reason I was sick thinking Dragon Age I'm like that
isn't that old yes I'm a little slow today all right and in June Quake turns 20 20 years
old is the original Quake with the Nine Inch Nails soundtrack which made it so cool for
kids my age at the teenagers my age when that first came out let's see and then turning
25 of course talk about this last week on the show and this no surprise Sonic the Hedgehog
is 25 in June I can't wait to see what awesome game they put out to celebrate the 25th anniversary
here's one that surprised me do you know what else turns 20 in June 20 years ago the
Nintendo 64 and Super Mario 64 20 years old in June and then let's see in September 30
years of Castlevania and I don't care anymore about that in October and September
30 years of Castlevania and I don't care anymore about that in October 20 years of
Tomb Raider doesn't feel 20 years old probably because the new one it almost it feels
just like a new series like you don't even remember the old series at least I don't I'd
still vaguely I just remember topless Lara mods that's all I remember from the old games
slush colored triangles and pyramids in December civilization turns 25 that's one of my
favorite civilizations they ever did was the original and I remember going to the computer
store that's not even there I think that I think it's like a hairdressing place now not
even there that plays or that game is 25 years old all right only a couple more don't turn
the show off don't turn show off I've got three more three more here's one for Loki in
October command and conquer red alert turns 20 yeah I probably I remember picking that up
when it first came all right and two more for you in December the end of the year 20
years of Diablo Diablo gonna be 20 years old it it doesn't feel that way it doesn't feel
that old until you look at a screenshot of Diablo and then remember oh wow this game
really is super old all right one more you ready for this 35 years old 35 the oldest one
of the list 35 years of Donkey Kong this year the original oh god does that mean we're in
another Donkey Kong game maybe yeah that could be something in store for the Nintendo NX
who knows thank god it's a Frogger anniversary year well Konami is not really making games
anymore maybe a mobile thing who knows there it is there you go there's I'm sorry to make
you guys break down in tears I think tech 2030 has said he will be boycotting next year
this week this the episode this week but there you go a little trip down memory lane and
we'll probably be bringing up a little more memories of those franchises as we get closer
to those anniversaries throughout the year the stuff that gets me and I'm glad none of
it was on the list the stuff that gets me is 10 years old or and pretty soon it's gonna
be 15 years old because especially next year when we start looking back at games that are
15 years old you know what that's gonna mean those are games they're as old as this show
because 2017 will be 15 years of Orange Lounge Radio if we make it if I am not killed by
an angry mob for the segment we just did on the show so we'll we'll have to hope for that
dark tatsuyu in chat suggesting a Frogger pachinko machine for Frogger's anniversary
you never know anything anything's possible there let's see also going to a chat over
at live.vognetwork.com Bobby Blackwolf says so what you're saying is that everything in
the world came out in 1995 no it's uh it's uh 1996 it's 20 years from this year and yeah
actually that was a really big year for games I remember that was the year I went off to
college and those those are pretty big year for games so not surprised all a lot of this
stuff is is coming up on that anniversary so all right um let's get into how was your
gaming week every week here on the show we like to talk about the types of video games
that we have been playing this week sort of to establish our frame of reference that we
come to the show with tonight Loki would you care to start us off how was your gaming week
yeah I mainly just played Fallout 4 so that's god I don't even know how many days into
that game I am but basically played every day so you know for a few hours every day I think
last I remember because I only see that when I actually save my game and I think it's like
four or five days worth of game so somewhere in there and then let's see what else have I
been playing I played a little bit Disney 3.0 because you know my son wants me to level
up his characters and stuff and I'm trying to convince him like to actually fight something
or you know to play the game so instead of just the toy box mode I'm like dude you've got
like we bought you the spider-man set so they have the spider-man levels and we have the
Avenger levels still that you haven't played through it all we have almost all of the
characters now for those you maybe should play the levels but no no he still wants to play
in his toy box mode that he set up and that's fine that's what he wants to do it's so I
leveled up I've Sam Flynn that was like level 18 out of 20 now so it's you know pretty
much I can't be killed with him anymore and I don't know so I played that and then aside
from those two and there's one other thing I'm you know playing a little bit Ingress
today I drove out into the middle of nowhere for no reason the freaking things that game
makes you do you know I drove this finally I was like I've got like time like I don't
know what I'm going to really do right now I'm like I'll drive out there that's fine
it's kind of cool in a way that you get to see things you'd never go see otherwise and
actually I drove to I own a couple weeks ago like I was surprised I'm also not that far
away is no it's really not so who knew you know so they have a good restaurant there
too so drove out there and like it was funny this is like a drove way out there and they're
like yeah they're trying to get me to go up the street a little bit to knock out another
one I'm like but it's just like a little bit over there I'm just gonna go I drove all
this way I'm not gonna drive the show for Ingress is an excuse that wouldn't even work
with me Loki so whatever it's fine and I haven't really been playing that much lately
because I'm on my new work schedule now which means I have weekends off now thank God I
don't work Saturdays anymore that's good but that also means that I start earlier and I
get off during like I did pick up the kids after work so I don't have that few hours
before work that I used to do stuff and actually farm and all that now so like I have like
no gear at all there's something else they played this week also I'm trying to think
it was what was it I think I played a little bit more of laser life and I just I'm not
really getting into that game it's okay but there's like I don't really there's like no
story to it it seems like so I don't know it's alright I think that's it that's all
I played all right that's it for your gaming week my gaming week I actually played a couple
new games this week PlayStation 4 wise I downloaded at Shane's recommendation and the fact that
it was on sale and Shane told me that him and Flaco Jones and and mrs. Flaco Jones were
all playing this game roundabout on the PlayStation oh yes yes and we're laughing their
asses off hysterically at it and so I was like alright funny I was I it's a lot of like
cheesy and I remember talking about the game on the show and I was like oh yeah yeah I
remember that came upon OLR and I wanted to get that and I just kind of blinked and missed
its PlayStation 4 release so oh it's on sale sure I'll get it now so I I paid five bucks
and download a roundabout and I played it a little bit I have to admit I didn't get the
hilarity factor as much as no I'm kind of where it wasn't super hilarious for me either
it was just kind of like silly or I should say I shouldn't I shouldn't falsely say that
Flaco was so it was all via Shane via Shane but I can imagine if I had had a few glasses
of wine at the Jones's household then this game would probably be a lot funnier but I
still thought I mean it definitely had like that cheese factor I'm not sitting here like
completely humorous like nothing was funny pout no there were some like humorous things
in it but you know I didn't I didn't laugh out loud but the game itself it's about the
game anyway and the game itself is a really kind of silly mechanic but it's it is it is
fun it's I actually kind of think of it more like a puzzle game than an action game here's
the deal is that you're driving a limo and you're trying to get from place to place in
the city but your limo consistently spins round and round and round so why it spins
I have no fucking idea that's just the game okay that's why it's called roundabout is
that this limo just spins round and round and round so you can't hit walls and trees
and stuff because each time you do you're gonna hear this note that goes and on the
fifth note your limo explodes although I would have thought there'd be a hilarious cutscene
where the people inside explode but that never happens so it's it's trickier than it
sounds because you're trying to like navigate around walls and navigate around actual roundabouts
which is actually kind of tricky to do while your limo is consistently spinning around
so in a way I kind of think it's a puzzler because you have to think about how to get
through certain parts but of course the game rewards you if you can go faster and if you
can collect these coins in sequence so there is a more in-depth complexity to it so it's
it's one of those indie games that's like kind of really simple in concept but it has
a lot of depth to it and then they threw these really cheesy full motion videos at it for
I'm not sure the reason but it was it was humorous I'll use that word I found it to
be humorous but I didn't find it to be like oh my god it's so funny maybe I just didn't
get far enough but I played a lot with Shane last night and he said the date thing was
the funniest thing and I was like it's it's humorous but it's not it's not strangers
I want to say it's the same company that made gun stringer they did like a lot of really
cheesy motion video stuff as well so yeah so anyway that I let's see Dungeon Buster
and chat over at live.com says spinning car smashing into trees exploding sounds like
a typical day in Grand Theft Auto or Saints Row for me yeah but this game is all like
it's more like a classic arcade kind of setup because it's more to those like top down maybe
classic Grand Theft Auto but that's that's what it is anyway I do think especially when
the game cost only five dollars I think that was really well worth it I got mine for like
374 or something like that really what is it normally 10 10 I don't have a price to
I would say even 15 is pretty darn good if it's 1999 that might start to be pushing it
a little bit but I still think for some people you know if you like those old arcade type
of things or if you have a box of wine and I'm going to say a box of wine it will make
for a fun little party game to play with friends if none of you have played it before I would
say that'd be good use your money then the other game I played this week which I did
spend 1999 on amplitude came out this week on PlayStation 4 and you might remember a
while ago I talked about that I wasn't going to kickstart the game but I ended up it seemed
a lot of my friends were really enjoying it and I was hearing a lot of good feedback on
it so I went ahead and bought the game and it's amplitude it's definitely the game that
I remember from you know the PlayStation 2 days especially in the way it's set up the
controls obviously very similar and so on I'm going to say something that is not going
to make me popular though it's it's not as good it's not the ship kind of sailed on the
PlayStation 2 version and the frequency and amplitude and either for me the reason why
it's not as good is the music isn't as great as it was in the PlayStation 2 version it's
not as varied I am all for supporting indie bands and I think the game is at its strongest
when it's relying on some of the guest contributors for example the freeze pop song actually
that song in a way is so fucking good it's probably the best freeze pop song they've
ever put in a game and that probably like carries the song list almost on its back that
freeze pop song is so good and then like I like the crypto the necro dancer song and
amplitude and so forth otherwise I found a lot of it to be generic and I know I'm going
I'm going to so get torn anyone by amplitude fans but this is my opinion take it or leave
it and you're welcome to leave it I think part of what made the amplitude on PlayStation
2 and frequency fun is that they were songs you kind of knew so you kind of knew the beats
to them so like when you would play things like cherry lips by garbage or what was it
by blink-182 the rock show some of the songs rented it was like you know okay I kind of
I kind of know how this goes a little bit and you know it's all cool I'm playing the
song that I've actually heard before and then I think one of the places where the formula
worked at its absolute best was rock band blitz that game was awesome and the fact that
it also used your rock band dlc I would actually have rather they ported rock band blitz to
PlayStation 4 and Xbox one sorry but that's how I kind of wish that's the game they brought
back for this era was that but you know what again taste when it comes to things like music
is kind of subjective and you may completely disagree with me and that's totally okay if
you are looking for strictly gameplay mechanics of what you remember from amplitude on PlayStation
2 and frequency then this game will deliver that absolutely and you never know what might
come through with dlc so I would not give this game like a bad rating because it's still a
good music game I just think I I would be really excited if the old PlayStation 2 game
would show up on as a PlayStation 2 classic on PlayStation 4 I realized due to licensing
etc that's not going to happen but that doesn't mean I don't think that would have been something
I'd prefer so anyway okay now I'm going to turn around and look at chat and see see if I'm
getting yelled at over at live dot vog network dot com let's see let's see our fifth dream
and chat says rock band song should carry over to amplitude or maybe dlc let's see
why why are in chat says yeah thrown together is what I think when I look at the amplitude song
list and that's geo 100 matt says I'm not surprised by this why why are in chat says it's
like they forgot that a music game lives or dies by its music I wonder if dlc is coming
wow I'm kind of surprised that there's a lot of chatters that sort of get it wow okay so I guess
I'm not alone I was fully expecting to get toward a new one by some of the music longtime music
game fans but you know again I think you just I think you just really have to weigh I mean if you
are a longtime music game fan then just think it amplitude because it is going to be enough of what
you remember of the past games I'm just saying the song list you're going to kind of go I want to
play the freeze pop song the freeze pop song is so good and then I'm going to play the freeze pop
song again because that's kind of what I did I played the freeze pop song like 20 times and
the crypt of the necrodancer song is good too and there's a there's a couple other good ones too I
don't want to I don't want to disrespect the artists but it's just a lot of it is very in house
band to do something like a spin off of that kind of like how about rock band blitz on
PlayStation cross between like amplitude and like a DJ hero type game I'll be great you know
they kind of make that and again I I just want to make sure this is clear I'm not against indie
music or discovering like new music and games because Dance Dance Revolution Ultra Mix 2 which
was the best version best home version they ever made and I stand by that to this day and part of
the reason why was the variety of independent catchy songs that were in it and these like bands
that I had never heard of that I grew to really love like echo image that was in Ultra Mix 2 is
like one of my favorite why I only put out one album even if they only put out one fucking album
but it's a fucking great album I think it's on Spotify at this point so let's see also in
chat SJ100 Matt saying I don't think that it getting more funding during the campaign would
have helped this why we are saying actual dance music that helps yes that's part of the reason
why we should totally play skulk during break I can make that happen I think you should teach
the kids today sadly the podcast listeners don't get that that's right that's why you're here
live when we break that's what YouTube's for Spotify all that stuff we'll do that okay so that
was that was my gaming week especially in a nutshell those those are the two new games I
picked up otherwise I've been continuing on with stuff I've already played before like Final Fantasy
14 continuing to get my tomes and oddly enough minecraft this week I just sometimes you just
want to you just want minecraft and chill so would you play minecraft on ps4 thank the only
reason I ask because I have like on every platform now so it's like ridiculous yeah no and then I
started playing and I started to build my little hut because you know you kind of have to especially
if you're playing in survival mode you kind of have to build at least a rudimentary house
really quick to kind of keep you safe at night at least in the beginning I do and then so I
built the whole thing but then I didn't have enough wool for a bed I forgot I needed to kill
more sheep and so what is standing right outside my house a creeper who then sees me promptly
walks in my house blows up my house what's behind my house after he blew it up one of the
endermen and I'm like wasn't I on easy but endermen will hurt you unless you stare at them
you can walk right up to them poke well don't poke them but you can walk right up to them they
won't hurt you unless you stare at their eyes interesting yeah I just I don't know that just
irritated me that happened right away so it kind of put me in a foul mood then I then I wasn't in
such a chill mood after that but I will give it another go I still think minecraft is a very zen
game so that's that's how I feel about that I think minecraft is a very lazy game yyr in chat
says how do you kind of play a game oh wait that's not response something I said that's a response
to a fifth dream saying I'm kind of playing Final Fantasy 14 right now not putting as much effort
into it like lazily playing it yes I think when I think kind of playing Final Fantasy 14 is like
if you're really playing 14 you're logging in and you're doing your dungeon every day to get your
tomes and you're grinding you're crafting to get all your scripts and you're doing your dailies
with the vanu vanu you're doing all that stuff kind of playing is like I'm gonna log in and I'll
do like a bot I'll see if anybody from the free company's on we'll pretend this is a chat room and
I'll just chat with my friends while I run around the housing district and jump I'll check the
market boards and I'll log off that's kind of playing Final Fantasy 14 when it when it when an
MMO is just chat room with swords and spells then that's your kind of playing the MMO I think
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says that was me in Final Fantasy 14 in the end which is why I stopped
paying and playing yeah I mean if you know you're not getting enough of the game out of it I can
I can understand why if fifth dream says I've got it in the background and I go back and forth I
I definitely will have Final Fantasy in one window while I do stuff that's what two monitors are
for MMO in one window and then sometimes I listen to a podcast especially if somebody I know is
live which tangentially I just want to give a quick shout out to my buddies Captain Spike and
Slidekick over at gamebuoy.org they hit 100 episodes today and you know what they did to
celebrate 100 episodes they finally did a live show so I did a live show today I'm very nice
very proud of my base over at gamebuoy.org and the fact that they they did a live show so I
just want to make sure that shout out got there and happy 100 episodes to those guys so yeah and
I'll oftentimes there's a live show on in the evening I'll definitely do MMOs while I listen to
live shows so all right that's it for our gaming week housekeeping tonight I don't have a lot of
new information I will just remind you all I'm gonna be at magfest not in any sort of official
capacity it's not like we have a booth or anything but I'll just kind of be there maybe I'll start
a topic on the forums over at vognetwork.com get a feeling if there's going to be other people
there and maybe we can do like an unofficial official vog meetup maybe do like a dinner thing
like we did at PAX East one year even if that's just you know just getting some pizzas and
chilling in a particular room or hallway or something I don't know what the atmosphere is
like at magfest yet but I get the impression it's just one giant party so we'll do some type of
little unofficial vog meetup and that's really what we'll do for that I'm just excited to get to
the con and check it out that's gonna be a lot of fun and there is going to be quite a
representation from what I understand Bobby Blackwolf still making plans to go I don't know
if that's been a hundred percent confirmed but I have plane tickets and hotels so I'm going
absolutely and meeting up with some of my buddies who podcast on Koopa Club another show that I
enjoy and they will be out there at magfest with me so it's gonna be a lot of podcast stuff
Bobby Blackwolf confirmed I have hotel I'll be driving so there you go so there there's gonna
be at least two vog hosts there and I don't know who else I don't know if Rama might be actually
be going fifth dream in chat asking about conventions is sky going to Final Fantasy fan fest
2016 difficult to say until tickets go on sale and I make sure it's reasonable and that I can get
there but my plan is to be there if I can get to Final Fantasy fan fest the plan is to be there
just you know it's a little far out and too many factors for me to a hundred percent commit to that
I can tell you I will not be trying for BlizzCon this year I'm just there's just so many other
conventions I want to do I've decided to I cut PAX PAX East last year and this year I'm
this year I cut PAX East I'm also gonna cut BlizzCon out of the rotation just because
unfortunately you know now that Horde house is kind of sunsetted I don't really have a lot
the only Blizzard game I actively play a lot of is Diablo 3 and although I really think this is
going to be Diablo 3's big year I just don't think there's going to be a lot a lot of BlizzCon
for me if I could swing the time off of work I might do DizCon and check out some of the parties
but I just the reality is I don't think BlizzCon is going to make the rotation this year I will be
opting to do hopefully there'll be a gamer x4 this year and doing magfest as well and some other
stuff here locally in April Sac Indie Arcade is coming back and VoG Network's been asked to
participate again which surprise Loki no no that's I'm not surprised I already knew that
okay yeah I've been trying to work on my game I got I got no games gonna pressure you
that would be a good day to do it though if you're gonna do any day do that that day in April
I want to get it I really try not to like it's hard because my wife watches TV and I find TV
fascinating so I watch TV as well and it's it's very distracting I get like two lines of code done
and Bobby Blackwolf in chat reminding us VoG jam submissions were due one year ago also
so anniversary celebrating an anniversary this year the VoG jam one year old let's see why we
are saying that he's been waitlisted sadly that right now he's on the waitlist to try to get in
multitasking to show off at magfest but he's hopeful that some folks he knew that were
waitlisted last year eventually got in and he said if I do wind up with a space I will plug
OLR and or VoG appreciate that buddy I'll bring I'm gonna bring flyers I don't know what magfest
fliering policy is but if they're at your booth I don't think they can get mad at me for that so I
will bring that and Rama sadly saying I'm probably backing out that's a bummer doesn't matter but
Rama does a lot of cons so I understand he has to be picky choosy because money don't grow on
trees and you might not have the money for a convention ticket and you might not have the
money to buy an oculus riff this year right Loki I would like to have the money especially since
my wife is insisting on new claim that was it the Powerball that's gonna be up to 1.3 billion
dollars on Wednesday oh yeah oh that's the other thing you guys I had a Powerball ticket that was
a winner and not only was it a win I mean obviously I didn't win the 900 million I had two
numbers and the Powerball and I'm not type words like okay I bought the ticket and I just kind of
kept it away and then when I heard on the news nobody in California won I was just like whatever
I didn't win and you know I'll check the ticket when I get around to it so finally in the car
today I was like oh yeah I should check the ticket and see if I won anything and then I realized
holy shit we match two numbers and the Powerball on one of these now granted I'm not expecting to
win thousands of dollars but I was like that might be like like a hundred bucks to do because
you get four bucks for just matching the Powerball if you just match the Powerball which would lucky
13 a lot of people did this last drawing you won like four bucks so to get two numbers out of the
five and the Powerball I was like holy shit this tickets gonna be like $250 that's awesome like
you know it's not gonna change my life but it's gonna hey exactly it's something to buy some booze
with right okay it was $8 I got $8 that's still not bad I mean it's something but I poured it of
course I poured it right back into as what my mom calls it's a stupid tax Rob if you play the
lottery you're just paying the stupid tax well let's go there and you give them your $10 I can't
wait you can kiss it goodbye because only stupid people play well someone's gonna get a stupid tax
return and it's gonna be you know whatever you know why it's fun and it yes and you have like a
you know a very minimal chance of winning so does everybody else so who cares so I put that $8 prize
right back into the stupid tax that's like when you win on a slot machine in Vegas you win like a
small prize or in Reno for me you win a small prize like five but it just goes right back in
the machine or Dolly Parton gave me $60 and yes she did last time I was in Reno on one of her
machines there's a Dolly Parton machine and you know my gay ass played the Dolly Parton machine
so I played that and I won like 60 70 bucks off that which is like a nickel slot and I was like
woohoo and so what did I do I took the $60 to dollar slots and just watched it all piss away
but oh well it's it's just for fun set your limits before you go don't take your bank card down to
the gambling room with you and you're fine so let's see going to the chat over at live.vognetwork.com
YYR in chat says so here's the thing you may have only won seven bucks excuse me eight bucks
don't short me any more than they are in the cost of the the ticket maybe the tickets are two bucks
oh that's even worse but the odds of matching two numbers plus the Powerball are one in 701.33
so you should feel awesome YYR says Powerball.com says it was seven bucks no I assure you I got
eight dollars today I wonder if the money's different in each state I wonder if maybe the state
has to pay things out certain because you know when it's under like 50 bucks you just take it to
where you bought it and they pull the money out of the register like I just everybody like all the
liquor stores and gas stations in town swarmed with people grocery store has a kiosk you can just
walk right up any time of day and buy a lottery ticket there's never a line so I just went to the
grocery store and they just here's eight bucks what would you like I don't even know like I would
have to like hand walk that winning ticket somewhere it's like oh I'm gonna trust the US Postal
Service with this no no are you kidding that's the benefit of living in Sacramento I would march
down to the lottery office it's powerful though I don't think that's California you still you still
redeem it with the California Lottery oh yeah I'd be like I with my newly obtained lawyer would go
and redeem that prize I don't know Tiger Clon chat says the sky wins the Powerball he'll quit his
job and probably retire from any everything yeah I don't know I haven't really thought about how I
would spend the money and I like the people at my job I wouldn't want to just screw them over but
yeah obviously sure I'd love to say all around the world in a yacht but you hear about so many
people dying in yacht accidents I know no that just pissed the money away they win the lottery
and then they pissed money 1.3 billion dollars you can piss a lot of that but you can fill the
ocean with piss for that kind of money I mean it doesn't really matter and that's that's what I'm
gonna do you know what if I win the Powerball first first on the agenda take care of my parents
that's number one on the agenda second on the agenda dig a pool in Loki's backyard and fill it
with pee that it's gonna be second luck there's a nice little drainage pipe going through the
backyard you're gonna get about six inches down before you hit the storm line with a billion
dollars they can rear out that fucking line damn straight all right another as a sky would you buy
a mansion let's not this is these stupid thoughts are how they get a mansion a mansion stupid
thoughts are how they get you to buy the tickets in the first place exactly it's half the fun if I
win my goal is to be responsible and a little irresponsible where appropriate that's that's
why controlling shares and Konami burn it to the ground if I win Powerball I'm fucking buying
Konami I am fucking buying Konami that's it if I win Powerball I'm buying hostile takeover hostile
takeover Rob and we're gonna change the name to Rob Roberts on to me and I'm gonna fucking own
Metal Gear wait for it that's what I'm doing with the Powerball and you know what the first thing
I'm gonna do is PT is fucking coming back and I don't care if we have to like you know get Guillermo
del Toro and Hideo Kojima hand jobs in order to make that happen I'll have 1.3 billion dollars
it'll happen anyways let's get enough Powerball wank let's get into the news and talk about
something that maybe I could afford with 1.3 billion dollars right Logan exactly so the Oculus
Rift they announced the price they announced when it's coming out so now all you have to do is go
order it it's $600 supposed to be launching in March and $600 that's quite a bit of money of
course you're also gonna need to have a PC to run that which will probably run you in about at
least another $1,200 $1,300 and what do you get with that well you also get of course a couple
games that's gonna be launching with Eve Valkyrie also Lucky's Tale and then of course you get you
know the Xbox one controller and everything so I don't know that's a little too rich for my blood
for right now just because I don't have a PC to run it and you know really it comes down to like
how much am I really going to use this because right now I don't use the DK 2 very much but then
again my PC doesn't run it very well so maybe if it ran it like it's supposed to I might use it a
little bit more a lot of people are screaming the sky is falling about the price I don't it the
problem is like the price is not a big deal if you have the marketing behind it to convince people
that they need to purchase it the problem is when you have a price like that you're gonna get people
that are already excited about it to maybe buy it but that's it it's like yeah you want you want
as many people to buy it so there's more support behind it so there's you know it just kind of a
big cycle so you get more people excited because there's more software out there for it which
means that the price is a little bit more worth it and so on but I think a factor that played into
this as well is that you know they said at one point whether it was an offhanded comment or not
people as expectation was it was going to be what 350 that was the expectation at one point
whether it was an offhanded comment or not so when it kind of was a little higher than that I think
some people were kind of irritated because they felt like wait a minute I was budgeting this amount
of money or I expected it at this and now it's this and even though you know 599 that's how much
a PlayStation 3 cost when it first came out but we also kind of hazed the shit out of that press
conference when the PlayStation 3 was first announced 599 US dollars 599 you know I don't know
I think I think I made a prediction on the show a couple weeks ago where I said Oculus is going to
do all right but it's going to be kind of limited to that I need to go back because you know maybe
I'm giving myself more credit than I deserve but I still remember saying it's still going to be a
niche thing but it'll it'll be a thing and it's not going to necessarily be just a flash in the pan
and I think this price kind of cements it as a niche thing at least for now who knows what happens
a year from now you know the great thing about the price technology it falls PlayStation 3's are now
not even what 149 for a place well yeah but the thing for me it's like it it reminds me a lot of 3D TV
like 3D TV is like this amazing technology that it was super expensive and there's people that got
on board with it but they didn't really do a great job of explaining why you needed it you know
what made it so great why you need to spend that and now it's kind of just like well it's been taken
a backseat they don't really have a lot of 3D TVs out there at least it's not something that they're
selling people on it now it's all about 4k and that type of stuff but I don't know one other thing
too is if you did back the original Kickstarter you're going to be and that's at the development kit
level so $300 or higher you'll be getting a consumer rift as well and at no additional charge
which is kind of nice it's hard to hate on that that's pretty rad that you know you don't hear about
that with a lot of kickstarters that kind of go beyond the rewards that were promised for their
investors and I have a hard time expressing anything but congratulations for those people that believed
in it enough that now they're gonna get this thing that you know for many people they felt they've
been priced out of so props to them I can't be mad at that yep and then of course you know basically
there's an AMA that can't it kind of happened right after the announcement which you know lucky
basically said you know apologize that you know the communication of the price wasn't exactly the
messaging wasn't handled well I guess a lot of people's expectation was a supposed to be a lot lower
but it is what it is so I don't know I think I hope it does well but I'm just worried with the price
if they're the market behind it to like get people hyped up about it as much as like anything else
that Apple releases that's ridiculously overpriced then I think that this has a pretty good chance
but it's just the problem is it's not just six hundred dollars out it's not like an iPhone where it's
just six hundred dollars you know out the gate and that's it you also need a computer to run it and
like for the average consumer they're not gonna have that you know your mom and pop or whatever
it's not gonna have like a gaming PC that can run this shit. Looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com
Bobby Blackwell pointing out they don't need the marketing they sold out of all their first shipments
you know I don't I don't know how many that was but that you know at least I guess looks promising
but I think again you know when you consider in a niche thing that's not I'm not a niche isn't negative
either I think yeah the hardcore audience and the people that really I think there's enough people
they really kind of believe in this I want to see it happen that are going to be early adopters
it's like the early iPhones that were so expensive you know there are people that buy the early technology
how appropriate this being the week of Consumer Electronics Show which I know we didn't really bring up
in our kickoff topic because there wasn't really a lot of gaming news that came out of the show
but there's a lot of gadgets that are really high dollar there that people will pay a lot of money for
electric cars too not even just Tesla's but Prius and you know Leaf and all that stuff
those are pretty expensive cars but I really think the price of those things is I think the Prius already
was one of those things that was a lot a lot a lot of money when it first came out and it's coming down
year after year so you know and there's no reason to believe that the others won't follow suit similarly
especially you know it'll be interesting to see what happens with the whole Tesla thing as they start to expand
where those charging stations are and all of that and they can you know kind of get more of them out there
but anyway I'm getting a bit off track you know there's early tech adopters and then there's everybody else
I'm excited for it I do want to eventually get one but it's just I've got to build a new PC for that
and I do want to do that maybe that's more of a motivation for me to finish a game so that I can you know
have the money coming in to hopefully purchase a PC to be able to run this in
Now Facebook you know obviously Facebook bought Oculus a couple years ago and that was a whole other controversy
but you know speaking about marketing I kind of think Facebook is doing the right thing right now
is that Facebook doesn't need to be running commercials on TV and during the Super Bowl right now
like Bobby said they sold out of the first shipment the geek crowd is going to carry it right now
they know there's enough people interested in it based on Kickstarter etc it's going fine right now
but what's interesting about Facebook being involved is that if you look at your friends list feed right now on Facebook
which many slightly tech savvy people almost all of them have a Facebook unless you're one of those anti-Facebook people
but as you scroll through your Facebook feed you'll see that there's 3D videos already there in your Facebook feed
especially if you do it on mobile phone and you'll notice you can take your phone and move it around
and it actually shows you like a 3D video I went there like a podrace from Star Wars it was on there not that long ago
which I know there was no podrace in the new movie but they were still showing some type of like sample thing
I don't know I feel like that's something I saw but they're already starting to condition you that 3D videos are a normal thing
you see in your feed you see where this is going Facebook is planting the seeds they might not be doing heavy marketing
with commercials and everything they don't need to right now but they're starting to get you used to the idea
that 3D video is a thing that we share just like we share selfies and gifts on the internet
so I kind of think Facebook is starting to lay the seeds for that
now going to the chat over at live.vognetwork.com some folks are talking about there's a little debate going on in there
about the PlayStation VR and how that's going to play a role and I guess the fact that Amazon Canada
had a posting that was quickly taken down that PlayStation said you know was nothing has been announced basically
they didn't deny the price of $800
I don't think they have to deny the price they didn't say they just didn't say they have an announcement
they never really like even if they're they have a price out there they're not gonna say that's not the price
they're just gonna say we don't have anything to announce that's how they always handle it
you know what though I still there's still a huge grain of salt I'm taking with this
and part of the reason why is that you know assuming everything was accidental
which I have no reason to believe it wasn't completely accidental and shit happens
and that maybe they had some type of placeholder in their system as Amazon often does
when I ordered Kingdom Hearts 3 for yeah Kingdom Hearts 3 for what was like 40 bucks
they had it on sale at one point you know these things happen in the system
I think it's possible that maybe Sony is totally okay with people thinking it's $800
so that way when they come in and they announce the price is $699 it doesn't seem so bad
so I don't know there's still a grain of salt they take with that
like there's still a part of me that's like well $800 means system and VR right
because that's a lot to pay for just the VR headset
I mean we do know that the Playstation VR is gonna be not just the headset but the little processor box as well
so you know the Oculus doesn't have that little processor box so I mean $800 wouldn't be unheard of
but that's gonna really I mean that's gonna be what the rich kids have at home at least this year
and there's gonna really have to be the software that substantiates it
you know what's that game that's worth $800
I hope that it just works as a second monitor so I can play Fallout 4 while my wife is watching TV
because I seriously okay so seriously like this is what I did this week as well as part of the time
I had built or bought parts to build this thing it was gonna be a second screen device
that was gonna basically be like the Wii U gamepad but gonna be used for any system
and so I have the parts for it I have a wireless HDMI extender basically for everything
and I hooked it up and didn't fucking work with the Playstation 4 it just got no image whatsoever
it worked with the 360 but I attempted to do something like that but it would be nice to have that second headset
to be able to view everything plus the VR stuff
I just think without the $800 game it's going to be sunk
as much as I love Rez and I heard Shane's enthusiasm for Rez VR and all that
I don't think that's an $800 game so you know if and it's a huge if bolded underlined italicized if
the price of that thing really is $800 then there's got to be the $800 game that goes with it
and I'm not sure anything we've seen so far is that game but we'll see we'll see what happens
I imagine at this point GDC I mean if it is kind of an expensive techie thing
I think they'll roll it out on the stage of GDC as opposed to E3
because E3 is where all your newspaper around the country and all those people are tied into
if Sony announces a huge price like that it'll be in USA Today
they announce something at GDC that's going to be a little more at the tech crowd level
so we'll see I mean GDC isn't usually the place to roll out those sorts of announcements
but it wouldn't be out of character for Sony
Sony did announce the move there I believe at GDC
I know they did Home one year so it's not out of character for them
I would like another Home especially tied in with VR would be pretty cool
That would be interesting especially if it ends up being part of the package
could help at least justify the price if it's you know better than Home as it was
anyway there's a lot of what ifs to be discovered with PlayStation VR
and hopefully we'll have the answers in the coming weeks we'll see
but I just I really don't I think $800 is just too far out there
and I really think PlayStation I just my gut says Sony knows they cannot get on a stage in a massive form
and say the word $599 again they're going to have to get it under that price
I just think I'm just kind of convinced that's what they got to do
whether that's a practical idea or not
and I've said this before and it's been a while
but man a new Ridge Racer launching a system that would be pretty badass
alright let's move on I got to move on to something that's actually kind of really sad in nature
but actually it was as far as the video games itself there was a lot a lot in this early week of the year
but we did have a real tragedy that happened in the video game world this week
and regretfully I have to report on this is that one of the voice actresses from Final Fantasy 14
unfortunately was found murdered this past week and there's no really easy way to say that
but Sian Blake who actually played Yugiri in Final Fantasy 14
now if you don't know Yugiri, Yugiri was a character that was not in the original Realm Reborn
but Yugiri showed up in one of the later patches and was revealed to be an Al-Ra which was the new race
so she was a character that tied together the two expansions
tied together Realm Reborn into Heavensward and of course she carries on into Heavensward
her part isn't, it's not a main character level part but still a very important part of the story
so Sian Blake who played Yugiri was actually found dead and I apologize this is gruesome
but her two children were also murdered and her partner Arthur Kent
Arthur Simpson Kent, excuse me, is missing and the police are looking for him in connection to the deaths
and obviously that's just very, very sick now that we're talking about children
many of you overseas probably heard about this but you didn't hear, you didn't know there necessarily was a video game connection
Sian Blake was actually one of the stars of EastEnders which people here in the States don't really know about that
but over in Britain it's, you know, a long, long running soap opera there
so a lot of the British reports are mentioning that it was an EastEnders actress that died
but that's the same person if you didn't know
of course a lot of vigils and memoriums going on inside Final Fantasy XIV in remembrance of Sian Blake
and I'm sure there's some people wondering what's going to happen to the character, what's going to happen to the voice actor
I have a feeling, A, if you're curious to show up in more patches a lot of the dialogue has probably already been recorded
I would imagine all of the 3.0 Heaven's Word storyline, all of it was already written a long time ago and it's probably already all been acted
also changing voice actors isn't completely out of character for Square Enix
In this game, Final Fantasy XIV, a lot of notable voice actors actually changed between Realm Reborn and Heaven's Word
like Gideon Emery who does Balthier in Final Fantasy XII plays Oranger in Final Fantasy XIV
and they totally changed the voice actor going into Heaven's Word
so that was a little bit, some of those voice actor changes were surprising
so unfortunately this is a tragedy but the reality is we have to talk about what's going to happen with the game
so if Ugiri continues on they'll probably change the voice actor or voice actress
I could see where maybe they would write the character out, out of respect to this actress perhaps
but one thing to also consider is that there are voice actors in other languages as well
Sian did the English voice, there's still a Japanese voice actor and I think they do voice in French and German?
but hoping that Square Enix in some sort of official capacity does do some sort of memorial for Sian Blake
I think it would be great if maybe they could sell a pet and maybe donate it to some type of children's charity
since unfortunately children were involved in this tragedy, I think it would be a very great gesture for Square Enix
maybe a memory of Sian Blake, maybe a special holiday event in the game where there might be a pet
and maybe they can raise funds and donate it to a children's shelter or a women's shelter of domestic abuse or something
something to, at least we can get some positive ending to this tragic, tragic story
and I really don't know what else to say about it, I'm sorry to be such a downer but it happened
and sometimes they're going to affect the games that we play, especially a game like Final Fantasy XIV that is still unfolding
there's not a beginning and an end for that game yet, so we'll see
anyhow, let's try to lighten the tone a little bit more and go back to Loki with some other news
so there's rumors or news about the NX, basically saying that they're going to be announcing some sort of concept version of it
kind of like what it is, letting people know about that, between March and May
and then the actual unveil of the console is going to be in June and it's going to be launching somewhere between October and November, probably during the holiday
and because of this it's probably going to eat into some of the sales of the Wii U and 3DS
this is coming from Nomura Securities, so I don't know, I guess that makes sense
would that time frame mean like a GDC type announcement?
no, I think E3 or bust, but I think there's an assumption from a lot of people that it necessarily means it's going to be winter this year
and I understand that's what a lot of analysts are saying, is that it's 2016, but what if it's still the fiscal year?
they could do a spring launch next year and that would not be out of character for Nintendo, they did the 3DS right?
and they could do it in the spring at the end of the financial quarter
I could see them doing that, but maybe, I'm assuming maybe at this point Zelda is probably going to be for the new console
I'm wondering if maybe they just don't, they're going to run out of things to release
because they've got, all we know so far is we've got Star Fox coming out this year
there's those other two concept games that were being worked on, and Zelda
Zelda could carry the holiday, if Zelda is the only thing they've got this holiday, it could carry it, it really could
I think that's a big enough game for that, but it might be very easy for them to crank out, I still think it would be very easy for them to crank out a sequel
we know Pikmin 4 is a thing, and I don't think that would be an extraordinary amount of effort to make that happen
I mean, I understand that they like Pikmin, but come on, it's like 2 in this console cycle already
or this would be the second one in the console cycle, and we haven't even seen games for Metroid or some of their other properties that they normally have something for
the cannibalization of sales though really strikes me as a non-headline, I think there's a big assumption there
or a general assumption out there amongst gamers, if rumors are to be believed anyway, that NX is going to involve handheld and console
and the 3DS and Wii U are starting to wind down their life cycles, I think Zelda will be a last hurrah for Wii U if it is not on the new console
but we'll see, I think there's so many factors right now, but when Wii U first came out it didn't really cannibalize the Wii
they were still selling the Wii for that particular first holiday, they still sold a lot of Wiis
and then the Wii was still a bargain-basement price, they took out the DVD and the Gamecube stuff and they had a bargain-basement Wii
that they were basically pitching as a Netflix device that year that was extraordinarily cheap
I don't know if I believe the whole cannibalization of sales of the old system because whatever NX is, is going to be expensive as well
and I'm telling you, I'm telling you, if it is a handheld and a console, you can expect you're going to buy those two things separately
and that's how Nintendo's going to sell you a $599 product, because they're going to split it into $299 and $299
but we'll see, we'll see, there's so many factors
yeah, I think a lot of it, people are still in pretty tight budgets, I don't know, that's a lot of money to spend on stuff
whether it be an Oculus Rift, the Sony VR, or like another console that's going to be that kind of price, that's a lot of money
in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, SSG100Matt says Nintendo needs to take their damn time with this
yeah, I've seen some counterpoints that maybe Nintendo shouldn't release it this year, because they should build up a library of games
that maybe, I don't know, Wii U, Wii U kind of had a strong launch lineup, but its biggest problem was a lot of the releases had already been done
and Wii U to me kind of feels a little bit rushed as it is, because it was just like, I kind of thought it should have been to the spec of these modern consoles
I understand that they couldn't do that for the price point, but maybe they should have, because then that way you wouldn't have had the problem with
oh, these companies not being able to develop games for your console, because their new engines won't run on it
YYR in chat says too early for who though, what other major products are coming from Nintendo besides the mobile games?
Amiibo, to be fair, let's not factor out Amiibo, those things are still selling like crazy, they will be a part of the NX experience one way or the other
this is a whole money farm for Nintendo, and it's been profitable for them
but when is going to be enough is enough with that stuff?
I mean, how many are going to be too many?
I mean, eventually Beanie Babies weren't popular, so when is it going to be enough?
When are people going to realize that maybe I'm not getting the functionality with these things that I was hoping for
yeah, they look cool on my shelf, but that's it
I have to be honest Loki, if Skylanders is still a thing now, with characters that are not as well notable as Nintendo's suite of characters
and still taking up as much shelf space, and they only work with one very specific game
if that's still a thing, I kind of see that Amiibo could last just as long
I mean, I think the bubble will burst eventually as it does with most peripheral things, but I think there's still a good couple of years left in it
and I wouldn't factor it out of the NX at all
Well, and I do give credit to Skylanders where I think there's more gameplay with their figures than there is with Amiibo
I mean, so, I don't know, if they had something cool like that, like a grindy RPG thing
hey, Nintendo RPG or something like that, where you use Amiibo figures like you do, like Disney Infinity or something like that
that could be pretty cool
Let me read one more comment then we'll move on
YYR in chat says, my opinion also differs from Rob's on what it is
I don't think it will be a console with a portable module
I think it will be a portable that can dock and become a console
Well, that could be very interesting
I think it is certainly feasible that there could be a portable now with almost as much oomph as you see in the PlayStation 4
or the Xbox One, and certainly if they sell an additional dock
which the dock could have something like a little more oomph in the chips that maybe allow it to play on a TV
as opposed to whatever the fixed resolution on the handheld is
I could definitely see where, I mean it might be an expensive dock
but they might make it worth it with some of the stuff that they pitch for you
I think that's a pretty clever way to imagine it
but we are just dreaming right now, we have no idea
But that doesn't really work as far as having multiple members of the family
or are they going to have multiple console systems
and how are they going to talk to each other, I don't know
We'll see, we'll just wait and see what they say
We'll see, I know, it's just too much to be, we get tinfoil hat all day
but we just need to wait for Nintendo to make an official announcement
Okay, so moving on to another lawsuit
but this one has to do with a company called Lumosity
and I have to admit, I had not really heard of this company until this article
but apparently they had all these brain games that were out there
and think about brain training for Nintendo
but these games actually claimed that it could make you smarter
and now Lumos Labs who created the game is being ordered to pay
the Federal Trade Commission 2 million dollars for deceptive trade practices
In the report, FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection Director Jessica Rich said in a statement
Lumosity preyed on consumers' fears about age-related cognitive decline
suggesting their games could stave off memory loss, dementia, and even Alzheimer's disease
but Lumosity simply did not have the science to back up its ads
If you sign up for the auto-renewal program featured by Lumosity
between January 1st of 2009 and December 31st of 2014
you will be notified about the action and given an easy way to cancel
So, yeah, and some folks in chat, Dungeon Buster, saying, wow, I remember their ads
Yeah, I remember seeing their ads too around the time that brain training was popular
but brain training on DS sold itself differently
It didn't flat out claim to make you smarter
I think they were a little more clever about it where they said
this Japanese doctor said this is good for you type of thing
where they didn't say the game makes you smarter
but this doctor said about the game it's gonna do this
which is completely different
It's all in how you phrase it because you can't be shut down
for saying this doctor said this thing
because, I mean, come on, they put quotes on movie posters all the time
That's how they sell things
So and so said this
So, Rob Roberts of Orange Launch Radio said about the new Amplitude game
The freeze-pop song is great, I played it 20 times
Put that on the box
Anyway
Let's see, and Dar Titsuye bringing up the brain training run that Tazbot did during Awesome Games Done Quick
I missed that whole segment
and I need to go back to YouTube and see it because I heard it was pretty funny
So, sadly, I didn't see any of that
I just saw some pictures and it looked really funny
so I gotta go back and look at that
Alright, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates
although I'm thinking we are looking at yet another light week
Right, Loki, or what are we looking at this week in release dates?
There's nothing
Nothing in the US this week?
No
No? When do we get back into releases?
In a couple weeks here because I know we've got
the Lego Avengers game is going to be coming out on the
21st? No, it's the 25th
So, yeah, we've got some stuff coming out I think the following week
But, yeah, unfortunately not anything until then
This is usually a pretty light month and it's been even worse so this year
Alright, well, in the UK, and yeah, I'm going a little out of order here
but with Dark Soccer Night here I'm going to do the UK next
We at least have a handful of games this week
It sounds like this is mostly digital stuff though
Assassin's Creed Chronicles India is released for the PC, Xbox One, and Playstation 4 this week on the 12th
You also have Gone Home making its debut on Playstation 4 and Xbox One
I forgot they were putting that on those systems
I wonder if I'll want to check that out again
I don't know if they're doing anything new to it but I'll be curious about it
And then Tharsis comes out on Playstation 4 and PC as well
If you're more of a mobile person you can look for Pocket Mortis on Android and the iDevices
Going over to Japan and checking out the releases over there
I think we are finally getting back into some releases
Yeah, the 14th on the Playstation 4 this week
You have Evolve Ultimate Edition making its debut in Japan
As well as Odin Sphere, Leif Drasir comes out this week in a regular and a 3D Crystal Famitsu Deluxe Pack
That is a new release from Atlus on the Playstation 4 this week
On the Playstation 3 that Odin Sphere is also getting a release on Playstation 3
The Wii U has nothing to note until the end of the month when Mario Tennis comes out
But on the Vita we do have Odin Sphere also out on the Vita
There's also an accessory set I guess that comes with that as well on the Vita
And then Darius Burst Chronicle Saviors also out in Japan this week on the Playstation Vita
And lastly looking at the 3DS to see if there's any releases
Just one, Card Fight Vanguard G Stride to Victory coming out in Japan this week
Yeah, and like I was double checking the first releases of this month are actually on the 19th
So next week there will be some releases
Hooray! We get release dates again next week
Yeah, next week
Finally out of that holiday
And 26th for LEGO Marvel Avengers which I am totally picking up day one
Awesome
Alright, let's go through a few more stories here
We'll go a little quickly and then we'll get to Classic Game of the Week
Alright, so there's apparently this latest round of DRM is being more difficult or stubborn to be cracked
This includes this brand new Denovu anti-temper technology
It's being used in such games from EA like FIFA 16 and they also have I guess Just Cause 3
It's being used on as well
Apparently they're saying that it's remained, they haven't cracked it yet
And this is coming from I guess some Chinese cracking group 3DM
But then again though there's other hacking groups out there so I wouldn't necessarily take it
Are they really trying hard enough? Are you really trying hard enough or are you slacking off because it's the holidays?
No, I'm joking
Honestly with Just Cause 3, I mean it hasn't been out that long and maybe it is because it's so buggy
Maybe that I don't know if they have tried that hard, I don't know
Who knows, we'll see
Let's be real though, we're not really supposed to be rooting for the cracking teams
Well no, let's put it this way though
That's what keeps games off PC
I understand that but at the same time though the people are concerned that maybe because their thought is that in two years time
There's not going to be any pirated games because it's going to be impossible to hack through the DRM
Which I just don't buy that at all
Hackers gonna hack right?
There is no possible way that that is going to be uncrackable
All it is, is time
Especially making a comment saying that, oh it's impossible, that's just going to get more people trying
I do find it interesting that for a change instead of the company putting out the game saying it's impossible
You actually have the crackers themselves saying it's impossible
I think giving it a month's time is not saying it's impossible
It's harder than it was but I don't think it's impossible
That's still a win, a big win though for the publishers if it's going to take them a month to crack games
Because most of the game sales happen when? The first month
Yeah
So it's still a huge win
But it's a horribly fucked up buggy ass game
A lot of these games that are coming out from these publishers, EA especially
And Just Cause 3 was just as bad, they were fucking buggy as shit when they came out
And I think maybe waiting some time for all of that to be fixed is not such a bad thing
Especially when these companies are just willing to, oh well it's good enough
Batman Arkham City, yeah Batman Arkham Knight, good enough
Do you think that maybe the crackers instead of taking the time to try and get these games to be free for their people or whatever
Do you think that instead of putting the resources there they should just put the resources in to maybe help them fix the games
Fuck them, why should they have to help them fix the games
But look at it this way, we're talking two or three games out of how many games that come out all the time
There's so many indie games, there's so many other games, there's plenty of games out there
And if you don't want to spend $60 on a brand new game like Just Cause 3
Go spend $7 on a Humble Bundle
Yeah, go wait a few years or buy somewhere else or buy it on sale
I don't know, I haven't pirated PC gaming in a very long time
Like it's years, decades probably
But there was a time when it was super available and super easy to do
It was different in the 90s, it was different a long time ago
But now it's like, nah, it's just like I don't really see a reason to do it
I mean, I don't know
There's so much out there that you can play
And it's funny that the quote is about there's not going to be any free games to play
Of course there's going to be free games to play, there's lots of
Go play Clicker Heroes, that's free
But seriously, there's so much out there that you can play
There's a lot of free to play MMOs actually, now that I think about it
And here's the thing too, it's like
There's so much you can play out there, there's just no time
If it's literally going to get to the point where there's no free things out there
Well guess what, you know what, it's pretty easy to make your own shit
So make your own game that's free to play
Alright, well moving on
We mentioned earlier in the show about some anniversaries
And Sonic is turning 25 this year
And we did have the whole rumor last week because of the musical group that said something on the Facebook
Well apparently there are more details and more rumors this week in addition to that
Apparently a former Sega Quality Assurance employee leaked this
Get your salt licks, tinfoil hats, take it as rumor
But apparently Sega is working on two Sonic games for this year
One of them is Sonic Adventure 3
So Sonic Adventure 3, possibly seeing release this year
The second game is supposed to be a 2D game called Sonic Genesis
Get it? Get it?
Sonic Genesis The Origin of Chaos
And it will be the same team that made Sonic Colors and Sonic Lost World
Again, rumor?
So I see YYR in chat going, what, what?
I will buy, just don't, put the car in park because we don't have any official words yet
But yeah, that is what is rumored to come out later this year for the 25th anniversary
I'd be down with a Sonic Adventure 3, I think that would be pretty cool
And I do love the tongue in cheek name, although that could just as easily be a fanboy name
Sonic Genesis The Origin of Chaos, like I kind of think that's a hilarious name
If true, we'll see what Sega might announce in the coming months
Just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week, lowkey
Alright, so this is kind of funny because we actually talked about this I think last week or so
Regarding that there was a Mario Maker costume that someone had hacked into the actual data files
And found out, hey guess what, the Skypop plane is going to be a costume
And sure enough, they have this new tie in thing that's the Southwest Air Adventure
That you can unlock the plane
So, go play it and unlock that costume
So, well I actually played it and I'm a big fan of costumes
Nintendo does provide a shit ton of free content for Mario Maker
So it's hard to be upset
The tie in for the advertisement is a little weird
But at the same time, wasn't some of the old
Old at this point, it's not that old
But wasn't some of the first costumes that came out like tie in with Game Center
And some of the Japanese stuff like Famitsu had a mascot
That sounds cool, people don't really like, damn Southwest Airlines, fuck yeah that's awesome
Yeah right, it's a little weird admittedly but
Like I would take a Burger King costume, can we get the Burger King
Sneak King, the Sneak King level
Hell yes
I did not find the advertisement levels to be like in your face offensive
But that's the thing, even the Mercedes Benz one, it's almost kind of just like a silly
It's not going to get me to think Mercedes Benz, it's been like, okay
I don't know
We were talking about this a little bit last week with the whole Lightning doing the
Was it Prada, no Louis Vuitton, I can't remember
Exactly, whoa look at that, effective marketing
You can't even fucker remember which fucking clothing line
We have an email on that, I think we have an email on this, we'll get to that later
That's so amazing, so effective, great job spending that advertising money
It was one of those, was it Coach?
I don't know, it was one of those
Alright anyhow, the memes that came out of it are priceless
Anyhow, one more for you guys then we'll get to the classic game of the week
And that has to do with the term Let's Play
You know Let's Play is a term you usually hear on YouTube like
Let's play such and such game for, let's play Minecraft for an hour
Let's play whatever
Well at one point apparently Sony Computer Entertainment America
Tried to trademark Let's Play and that happened in October
That Sony actually applied for a trademark on the phrase
Saying quote, electronic transmission and streaming of video games via global and local computer networks
Streaming of audio, visual and audio-visual material via global and local computer networks
Now interesting because Let's Play, that term wasn't really invented by Sony at all
That's been around on YouTube for a very long time
So I'm not sure what Sony's trying to do with this except maybe keep it away from Microsoft
You know I thought when I first heard this I was like
Oh, well okay, usually video game consoles have their little slogans that come with it
Like there's, I don't know, there was get in or get out
Or you know Genesis does what Nintendon't
I'm trying to think what some of the new ones are
Is it jump in for Xbox?
When Playstation had
It just does everything
Oh yeah that's their thing, it just does everything right?
So I thought okay well if Let's Play is like their little slogan, Playstation, Let's Play
Like I was like oh okay, I get that, that doesn't seem seedy at all
Well then if that was the case then yeah they should trademark Playstation Let's Play
That makes sense
But when you hear that the definition says electronic transmission and streaming of video games
That's not what they were going for
No that's just them being fucking assholes is what it is
Or maybe they wanted to brand their Twitch area Let's Play
I don't know, I kind of think part of it was to keep the term away from Microsoft maybe
Especially as a lot of it's open
Where is it their fucking right to keep that term away from
It's not theirs to fucking keep away from anybody
You know what Loki, here's the good news
It was denied
The United States Patent and Trademark Office refused Sony's application
But not for the reason you think
Because of the likelihood of confusion with LP Let's Play
Which I have never fucking heard of this I don't know what it is
I don't think it has anything to do with video games
But for whatever reason the patent office said it was a conflict
And now Sony has six months to make a case for itself and argue against the decision
But now that this is out there you're probably going to see people file briefs
Probably YouTube or Google is going to get involved saying nope
I don't understand how you can trademark something that's not your fucking
Trademarks are really stupid especially when you work in that sense
What are they using this for is what I want to know
If it's a tagline for their brand then fine
Then allow them to trademark PlayStation Let's Play or something like that
But not just Let's Play
It's too vague
I mean it's even like the whole candy and crush shit
Or saga or all that is too vague
I don't understand especially when the general community
Knows that this has been used before they even had streaming on that console
I don't even understand how
But of course the trademark office being fucking retarded doesn't know any better
So they were just like okay sure
Dungeon Buster says in chat the trademark office is so broken
I get the feeling some companies think they can get away with anything
You know what's funny I googled the LP Let's Play thing
Trying to see what it was and all that I get are results that are with this story
About the Sony trademark
But I did get I guess the actual trademark website has it
And it's some company Let's Play of America out of
I'm probably mispronouncing this horribly
It's in Georgia
It's Smirna, Georgia
And it's entertainment services
Namely to provide online and offline opportunities for video game enthusiasts
To meet and participate in live video game tournaments
And on demand console gaming
So I wonder if it's some type of store
It might be a video game store
And do we have these people fucking harassing you
Harassing YouTubers or anything like that
No because they're decent
I mean I assume it's a decent company
But then you have like these big
Well plus LP Let's Play is like way different
You're not going to confuse that with a YouTuber
Especially if this is what I think it is and it's some type of store
Anyway
I'm sure there is someone
We should be thanking them right now because it's because of them
That little company in Smirna that Sony got denied
No I don't think it's because of them at all
It's because the trademark office is just kind of stupid
And so they're like people are going to confuse that
No one even knows what that fucking company is
No one's going to confuse that at all
I mean like let's see here
I'm just curious I'm going to type in Let's Play into Google
Let's see if we get a nice Wikipedia article or something like that
Oh hey look here's a Wikipedia article about Let's Play
And let's see if we have like the history
If like it figured out where that came from
I'm sure that they know who
Let's see here
I was just wondering if they had an idea of who coined the phrase
I have this weird feeling
Sony is going to very like out of left field
And very like discreetly just kind of say
We were only getting it to protect the term
Oh fuck them
I think that's what's going to happen
They're going to come out and say
We were only getting it so that nobody else could have it
Into which I say oh fuck you
No one asks you to fucking do this
I don't fucking believe you for a second
Alright
There's many people in the chat tonight that are saying
I've missed Loki rants
I killed your dog so no one else could kill your dog
Stop it
I protected him
He won't die anymore
He's already dead
You're awful
Alright we have got to go back to a simpler time
Let's go back to a simpler time
When you couldn't look up trademarks online
We're going to get to the classic game of the week
But before I get to the cutesy little music that goes with that
I have to introduce a special guest to the show tonight
Filling in for the one and only Dark Soccer tonight
Say hello everybody in studio again is Alan
Hi
Hi Alan how you doing?
Good
Thanks for being on the show
I'm sorry you couldn't be here from the beginning tonight
But I know you had work and you got to pay the bills and all that
So it's important
Yeah
But you're here now
Yes
Thanks for being here
You're welcome
Ingress and Skyrim
Yeah
And I logged into 14 a couple nights ago for like 10 minutes
You didn't see
I did it behind your back because you would have lost your mind
Run a dungeon with me
You've been playing a lot of Skyrim and I kind of tease you about it
What's your MO for playing so much Skyrim these days?
Well I hadn't touched it in two years
And I sort of looked up the mods for it
Because you know Fallout 4 came out
And basically all of the Bethesda mod community is now modding for that
Even though the creator dev kit hasn't been released for it yet
There's still like dozens and hundreds of mods
So I was like what has been put out for Skyrim
In the two plus years that I have literally been on media blackout for it
And there's like hundreds of stuff
Like there's campaigns, quests, NPCs, armory skins, texture reskins, lighting
And this is much more than just the Steam workshop right?
Oh yeah no no no this is
Oh that's child's play
Select all
Add
Yeah
He has this whole little thing and I always confuse it for his work
Because it looks so similar
I use a mod manager because I run so many mods that you really
Like if you just unzip stuff and dump it into the Skyrim install directory by the 30th mod
It's like oh I don't like this or it crashes my game
You're not removing that shit by yourself
By picking out random ass texture files you need an application to sort of figure out what you're overriding
But this Skyrim train has been holding you for a good long while now
Like I feel like you got back into Skyrim like all the way back in October or November and you're still going
Yeah I think yeah it was around November
Before Thanksgiving
So do you think you'll ever get on the Fallout 4 bandwagon?
I'm waiting for some of the official Bethesda patches to come out just because the physics engine is amazing
It's an incredible open world and it's broken as shit and there's like quest breaking bugs everywhere and some people never see them
It's just Bethesda though that's how their games are
Like there's this unofficial
Maybe Bethesda should try to get the trademark for let's break or let's patch
What are you guys thinking?
There's this unofficial Skyrim patch that was done by the modding community that doesn't need like a script extender
Or any of the weird stuff that you have to get the more advanced mods to run
And it fixes like hundreds of legitimate Bethesda bugs that they never got to
Like if you accidentally
Like if you forget to take an optional treasure item from a thief's quest thing and you finish the quest
Then you go back in and it'll disappear the unofficial Skyrim patch puts it there so that oh yeah I forgot to steal this
Just weird stuff that would break or disappear that Bethesda themselves never got to
So even if you have no interest in modding and you're playing on PC just getting that unofficial Skyrim patch fixes like hundreds of tiny little issues
I would still love them to bring Skyrim to Playstation 4 and Xbox One
I was so disappointed was it like the last E3 when they had like you know their show the screenshots and everything
And then one of it was Skyrim like fuck yes Skyrim HD
And then nope
Alright well before we get to the classic game which you're here to fill in for Dark Soccer tonight
Yes
Quickly like 30 second opinions on some of the stories we talked about already
Oculus Rift for $599 will you let your boyfriend Rob Roberts buy that
Yes $600
You can have one
Really?
Yeah with the Powerball Bunny you're gonna win
Would you get one for $600?
I'd share yours I wouldn't get one
You'd push me to buy it and then reap the benefits of that I get it
Yes
That's fine
Since you do a lot of PC gaming I'm sure you are experienced with the crack I mean not that you pirate games but the cracking community
I mean you know I'm sure you've been into it a lot of them
Saying now that games are too hard to crack do you think that finally pirates may be beaten
Well I mean I know that companies have caught shit for it in the past but Ubisoft and Sony and some other PC things would do the whole weird rootkit
Stuff where you have to go into your hosts file and redirect the IP address that sniffs if you have a license or not and point it to you know a dead IP
All this weird or just like unplug the internet and play this game without the internet
Which is funny that people will do that like they're willing to forego their entire internet connection to play a game but then when Diablo 3 for PC says you need an internet connection to play this people lose their mind
But you'll turn it off to pirate it but you don't want it on when you pay for it like okay
Alright and lastly on a scale of 1 to 10 how excited would you be for a Sonic Adventure 3
I don't care about Sonic
So 1
Yeah I mean if it's good great but even what's the Sonic one that came out in the last 3 or 4 years that actually was really good
Generations
What's the one that came out last year that was kind of bad colors or no
I think that was the Wii U one last year there was Sonic 4 episode 1 and 2 was kind of crap
Yeah
The Sonic game that was really good was the Sonic Transformed Racing was a good Sonic game
You actually played that
It was a kart racer but
Sonic Lost World as well
Was it Sonic Boom?
What was the one that has the cartoon that goes with it?
Isn't that it?
That's Sonic Boom
Rise of Lyric
More shitty friends
Let's go back to a more classic time when Sonic didn't have any friends
In fact I don't think Sonic was even out yet
I think this game predates Sonic or it's around the same time
Around the same time
This time Alan is going to step into not the gaming vault but his deep PC gaming archive
And find a game that he thinks hey you guys should check this game out
And I believe you can because it's on a lot of different modern platforms
It's the classic game of the week
Alan what is tonight's classic game of the week?
In the states in its initial release it was called Out of This World
But most of us now know it as Another World
And this game has a lot of ambient sound to it
So there's a little bit of intro music here in the beginning
But that's about all you're going to get that's just going to be ambient music
So take it away Alan
So this game came out I believe the first systems
The systems that were actually made for originally were the Amiga and Atari ST
Which came out in 1991
Since then this game has been released on
Amiga, Android, Apple IIGS, Atari Jaguar, Atari ST, Blackberry 10, Game Boy Advance
iOS, Linux, MacOS, Microsoft Windows, MS-DOS, Nintendo 3DS, OS X, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4
Whoa sorry those beeps were really loud I apologize
It was very loud in contrast to the music I'll turn that down a little bit sorry guys
PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Sega CD, Sega Genesis, the Super Nintendo, Symbian, Tapwave Zodiac
We're getting into platforms I've never even heard of these before
The Wii U, Windows Mobile, Xbox One, and the 3DO
So much like Myst and Half Life
This game is both iconic and prolific
It was released everywhere
It was developed and released by Delphine Software
Did the development and Interplay Entertainment did the console ports
Publishers were Delphine Software, US Gold, Interplay Entertainment, and Virgin Interactive did the bulk of them
This game was considered revolutionary
Because in 1991 games were entirely sprite based
3D wasn't really a tangible thing yet
We still had a few years to go before we got to Star Fox and the FX chip and all that
And this was also before the big adventure and RPG craze of the mid and late 90s
Of the full motion video with the live actor
But they interacted with sprites, but there were real people like Phantasmagoria, Seventh Guest, all that stuff
So the thing that was really ahead of its time about Another World was the developer
Last name is French, I think it's Chihai
Eric Chihai, what he did is he used motion capture and the cool 3D polygons that were possible on the Amiga system
And he did 2D cell sprites over it, so he did a rotoscoping effect
So the motion capture, even though it's flat 2D and looks very crude, it looks life like
For anyone that remembers the Lord of the Ring movies that came out
I think the Baskin one that came out in the 80s that had rotoscoping
It's very much that effect where you can see that it's something that's drawn over a 3D model
Very cinematic, the game is about a physicist or whatever working on his particle accelerator
It gets struck by lightning and he is teleported to another world
This game is very frantic, when you are teleported to the alien world
You are underwater and you are actively drowning
So if you do not press up on the D-pad first thing, you will die straight up
Just the game, good luck and then you die
As soon as you climb out of the pool, a monster chases you, you get captured by an alien race
It's kind of the adventure game equivalent of that movie Run Lola Run which takes place in real time
That movie is so badass
Yeah, so Run Lola Run, the first five minutes is her basically finding out that a drug dealer is going to kill her boyfriend unless she goes and gets money
So the movie takes place in real time where she's just running and this game is kind of like that
If you stand still, you're probably going to die and you will die a lot
One of the great things about Another World is that you're transported to this alien planet
No one speaks English, you have no idea what's happening to you, why these guards are after you
Aside from the fact that you're a weird pink human looking dude
There's really no story aside from just run, run, run and live
And the resolution or the ending is actually very bittersweet, it's not even clear
This is a bit of a spoiler, you're not dead but you get injured very badly and the game ends on that note
So it's kind of a downer
It has lots of platforming and timing elements
The controls are a bit weird, they're hard to get used to at first
And then there's a ray gun that you get where you press hold to, press second level charge is to do a shield which is very important
And then third level is to break through walls
And there's a sequence where you have to like break a dam where all this water flows through and you have to make sure you don't drown
And it'll take you like 20 or 30 attempts to get through that part
For people who have it completely memorized and can one shot the entire game from start to finish
It's about 15 minutes long, maybe upwards of 20
So the full experience is learning how to get through everything
If you can just blitz through the game easily 30 minutes or less
It's going to be an intense 30 minutes or 20 minutes where you're convinced at any moment you're going to die and have to start over from the start of that action sequence
But yeah, very short game once you learn the ins and outs of it
Kind of an appropriate game to follow up a week of awesome games done quick
Because that was kind of part of the charm of it was learning how to speed run it basically
Some comments from our chat, also Alan if I could
I don't have access to chat right now so thank you
Dungeon Buster in Chat says if people thought the new Tomb Raider had gruesome death scenes another world beat them to it
Yes
Tigerclaw says there was a sequel out of this world that came out on the Sega CD and you played as the alien
Yes, the developer
Because one of the things when you get captured is you have this alien friend who is in the cell with you
And you break out and you sort of help him in the background and he helps you
You don't really know what his deal is because again there's no explanation
You just have to run to survive
So there's this alien dude who ultimately carries you away from this horrible city that you've been trying not to get shot up in
He puts you on a pterodactyl and flies you away and you're like critically possibly mortally injured
His name according to Interplay who I think developed the sequel called Heart of the Alien
Is unofficially or officially named Buddy but my friend Rob and I used to call him Marchubo
Because when you wake up in the cell and you break out of the cell and you kill the guard he puts his hand on his shoulder
And this very weird sort of highly compressed audio of him goes Marchubo
That's his like greeting to you so that was what we called him
The sequel
Originally Eric the developer Chihai said that the same exact scenario of the first game just from Buddy's point of view
Is what he wanted the sequel to be but ultimately it takes place right after Another World ends
Where you take the scientist guy and you lay him down and then you start going through like your tribe or your village or whatever
And then it's the same basically more of the same lots of running to live and survive
Way more rotoscoped motion capture in the sequel as well some of it is done very well and looks great
A lot of it is kind of bad
Only released for the Sega CD but if you Google Heart of the Alien Sourceforge it's been ported to PC I think for free
Like it's not even on good old games I think you can just download and play it and I didn't know that until I looked up the information for this
So yeah if you want to check out the sequel just to see how good or bad it was and you have a PC you can just get it
And Tiger class saying the sequel explains what happens to the human so
Yes and there is a big spoiler there which I will not say
Alright
So this is one of those things where I've only been able to pick the classic game of the week four or five times
I know I did the Oracle of Ages and Seasons for the Gameboy Advance the Zelda thing that I think Capcom or a branch of Capcom developed those
And lots of King's Quest games but when I saw that a game that was this ahead of its time and really kind of showed you know as far as
Cinematic like you know visual narratives without expository you know there is no speech really no text
But you are definitely invested in these characters because you want dude to live
It was really ahead of its time and when I saw on the wiki that that was not represented yet on classic game of the week so I figured it was a no brainer
No I think that's a great choice so there it is your classic game of the week another world
You can get it on Steam I think they did a 20 or 25 year no it was 2008 so I think it would have been a 15 year remake where they did like HD backgrounds
And they you know better higher sampling of audio so you can get it on Steam I think it's one of those games that goes on sale for like a buck 97
So if you've never played this and you have a controller I would not play this with a keyboard definitely check out another world
Alright thank you Alan great choice and again very landmark because it was in that era of sprite games but really started
It really showed what 3D was going to look like and polygons
Excellent you're being commended by the chat room there for your choice there tonight even if you didn't pick Halo
But we'll just have to do that another time when Jamie's not here and then nobody can tell her about it because we will all die
Alright anyway all kidding aside let's take a quick break we have plenty more show to come
Alan are you going to join us for the second half of the show since you're all done now are you going to answer emails take calls with us or
No I can do that I just wanted to do something work related really quickly during the break
Okay sounds good so Alan will be back for part B Loki and myself here with you to talk some more news
We're going to talk about potentially a Watch Dogs 2 next year and then we're going to talk about you know what it's a Half Life 3 story
But Half Life 3 not confirmed in fact it's a very interesting story you'll just have to stay tuned we'll talk about it when we come back after this break with more of Orange Lounge Radio
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with our 627th episode for this January the 10th of 2016
Myself and Loki here in studio with special guest Alan who I think he ran out to respond to some chat room comments from his own computer
He'll be back in studio here in a moment not with us tonight Dark Sakura but you know you can't feel too bad for her because she's at Disneyland right now
Having a blast probably riding Hyperspace Mountain over and over again she'll be back next week I'm sure to tell us all about it
Although actually she's probably doing her bucket of meat dinner right now because I'm sure they made reservations and Victoria she goes to Disneyland so much
Yeah she knows all the employees there it's the restaurant's last hurrah today because they're bulldozing it to make
Which one?
It's called Bucket I don't it's the Big Thunder Ranch I think is what it's called but everybody calls it Bucket of Meat because you know what you order there?
Buckets full of meat I know right Loki see and you didn't want to go to Disneyland oh if all I had to do is be like well yeah Loki there's teacups but there's also endless buckets of meat
But now they have been bulldozed or will be bulldozed to make room for charger
It's so hard to find like food there because like all the other places serve the same crap it's just like garbage
Disney has some pretty awesome dining but you do have to be willing to pay the higher dollar for it but I'm telling you that
Karthay Circle that's a California adventure seriously one of the best restaurants I've eaten at period and Alan and I will splurge once in a while and eat at fine dining restaurants
You know especially for events like anniversary and so forth and that Karthay Circle is one of the very very best we've ever been to and it was worth it
In fact funny enough I guess transition Alan and I actually celebrated our six year anniversary this week
Congratulations
Thank you very much
And you know not to be too embarrassing on my little podcast but Alan has been a huge supporter of this show and like not a lot of partners would understand the commitment something like this takes
But Alan not only understands that but here he is participating in that
He can't shut me up
That's part of it but I'm just he loves to come on here and point out when I'm wrong that's really the flip of it
But no I'm extremely lucky to have a support like that so I'm not going to get too gushy but a little bit and so there you go
But this week we went to for the very first time you want to tell the listeners about this real quick?
We went to a restaurant that does at your table fondue for every course
It's kind of scary because the main like they give you meat that's seasoned and marinated and prepared and you have like the big kettle or fondue pot as it will that's on a heat thing
And it's boiling oil basically so you put the meat there's like dipping batter like tempura so you take your skewer and you take your piece of like what you had duck and you swirl it in the thing and you have to
We had our phones out for stopwatch because you want to cook it for like two minutes but you don't want to overdo it and burn it but you don't want to eat raw meat and get sick
So there's like a spatter risk element to it so it's kind of low key stressful maybe more stressful but the food once you put it like you can't eat it off the skewer because you'll burn your mouth and look like you have herpes
But you take it off the skewer and then you pop the filet mignon or the sirloin or the whatever and it is so good it's one of the best meals I've ever had it's just weird
I was dealing with like a pot of scalding disfiguring oil
That dinner was Friday night and I'm still full like I had we went to another restaurant today with my just honest aside with my parents my sister my sister was just coincidentally in town today so we all went out for like brunch today
And I ordered a soup and salad how often does that happen where Rob gets a soup and salad but I was still I'm like still full for
I was like Benihana's
That's like you have to prepare for that but like not eating for a day
Anyway so the melting pot was funny but yes boiling oil and in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com YYR says weren't there Disney villains or cartoon villains who threatened to boil someone in oil
Yes I think that's a common threat and that's of serious business like they have all these contraptions to take the boiling oil away safety's huge over there obviously
Eventually you know you've got bits of batter and spice and food grease and the oil so it gets dirty
It's like a deep fryer anyone who's worked in fast food knows the deep fryer gets nasty
And then also the oil itself will scald past a certain point it starts to stink and smoke but you can't have a waiter with like you know oven mitt
Take it off your table and tra la la back to the kitchen because all I have to do is roll their ankle and oh my god just like death everywhere so they have this
Vice that goes under the pot and then there's a thing that they then has a big crank or a handle that like goes kachunk and it like screws into the opening of the pot and like secures it and they take this whole apparatus away
So it's like hot grease containment control like in Monsters Inc. It's this big ritual
Alright we gotta get back to games we can talk about food all night believe me we could we gotta get back to games what
That dessert right
Oh my god chocolate fondue yeah oh my god marshmallow and broken oreos oh my god I'm gonna I'm gonna shit just thinking about it alright
No seriously though we gotta get back to some gaming news rapid fire news time Loki
Alright so Shovel Knight is gonna be getting the amiibo soon and also they're saying though that what's kind of unique about this is you can actually read it through the packaging
So if you don't want to take that out you can just leave it in its box and play the game based on that
They really should do that with all the amiibos I guess they're worried that people are gonna like copy them or something I don't know
I had no idea about that but I guess and Shane was telling me about this I did get my Shovel Knight amiibo because I know you all care
But I guess another company made those that particular amiibo was made by the people that did the infinity figures it was not the usual amiibo makers
So that's why some things are a little different and even the figure itself looks a little different from the other amiibo so just interesting
Does it unlock a character in Mario Maker?
I don't know about Mario Maker I don't think so I just know about the co-op mode in actual Shovel Knight itself although I haven't used it yet
Because Alan won't play those games with me because he's too busy in Skyrim
Speaking of Skyrim one of the I think more popular mods or funny mods that I've seen was the mod that turned all the dragons into Macho Man Randy Savage
Oh yeah!
So now that we have Fallout 4 it is only fit that we have a sequel to that said mod now with the mod that will turn or they call it the Macho Claws mod it will turn the death claws into Macho Man Randy Savage
And it's as hilarious as the previous mod so you can check that out
Do you run on Skyrim?
I do have a dragon mod but no I don't there are some
Yours just makes the dragon naked or something right?
No
It does reskin them so they're all purpley and look different but it also adds a new
So they look like Spyro?
No well there is a My Little Pony dragon mod where it looks like
Or Thomas the Tank Engine that's like
Yeah Thomas the Tank Engine is yeah
That's the kind of stuff I would play Skyrim with
That's what I wanted like I wanted to have like a play through of Skyrim that was just random mods like just like you take a bunch of mods and how somehow randomize everything into it
The swearing crabs that have the cigar and the top hat and they say fuck you when you get close to them
That's the kind of shit I want in Skyrim can we maybe for like a future like let's play before Sony trademarks that term maybe you could help me load up Skyrim with a bunch of like dipshit mods and then I could play that as a let's play
Oh like the rainbow gun or something that makes people blow up
The dubstep gun from Saints Row that's always awesome
Alright back to news
Alright anyways speaking of mods there is yet another mod coming out this time for Grand Theft Auto 5 and what's kind of cool about this one is it's basically kind of creating it's almost like Watch Dogs
So they have the Watch Dogs hacking system and they put it into Grand Theft Auto 4
So you can use your cell phone to you know mess with the different like stop lights they had cars you can make cars like accelerate uncontrollably
You can explode fire hydrants a bunch of different hacking features and it looks pretty awesome from like the screenshots I've seen in the video
So definitely something worth checking out if you have Grand Theft Auto 5 on PC it's the Watch Dogs hack script they call it
But definitely something I would love to check out if it would run on my PC and if I had Grand Theft Auto 5 on my PC which I don't
Alright well for those of you that were really hoping and praying that maybe there would be more coming to Smash Brothers on 3DS and Wii U
Nope Bayonetta really is going to be the end of it and we know this because Masahiro Sakurai has confirmed he's moving on to another project
That was confirmed in the latest edition of Weekly Famitsu and of course he's not going to tell you what that project is
He just says I want to enjoy every day like it's Sunday however that doesn't mean the next job hasn't been decided
So that was what the in response to a question about 2016 ambitions and plans so who knows that could be Super Smash Brothers NX
But also keep in mind he has done more than that there was the Kid Icarus reboot so you never know
I think when you're Masahiro Sakurai and you're responsible for a huge franchise like that you get to make other games you want to make
I think he gets to do other stuff and SHO 100 Matt in chat over at live.vlognetwork.com says let the man do something else
And I agree I think you could safely turn over Smash Brothers to maybe another team that's maybe worked under Sakurai and let him go do something else
Alright if you would like to experience some classic Virtual Console games on the Wii U
It's pretty cool a little twist on the usual Wii U Virtual Console fare
These are all Zapper games that came out now we already had Duck Hunt available on the Virtual Console
But this last week gave us a better light gun game in the form of Hogan's Alley is now available for the Wii U Virtual Console
So are these like using the Wii Zapper still or are they using just like you tap the screen or something like that?
You just use the regular Wiimote
That's what I meant like you use the Wii Remote
Yep that's how you do it you use the Wii Remote to do it
And I thought there was a way you can actually use the Wii Remote with the gamepad because I've seen that happen on Metroid Prime
And that gamepad actually has a little infrared sensor built into it
And you don't look totally stupid doing that
Yeah so you can do that
Let's see also yeah and it says that they have off TV play so I would think you'd just be able to use the stylus
But maybe that makes it too easy I don't know
But anyway also available Wild Gunman which is kind of super basic that's just a quick draw game there's really nothing to that game
But then also you might remember the Adventures of Bayou Billy this was a game that was pretty difficult that was like half platformer
Then half like light gun game it had certain light gun stages in it
And if you didn't have the light gun you had to use the good old moving the cursor around the screen and hitting the trigger
And it was pretty much impossible if you didn't have the light gun in order to beat Bayou Billy
So you can try for yourself on Virtual Console
Last week we talked a bit about Final Fantasy 9 coming out for the PC
And now the game's official Steam page is available and there are some bells and whistles that you can expect in the Final Fantasy 9 remake
And that is you'll be able to turn off random encounters
That's pretty cool you could actually just turn off the random encounters and you could just play through the game for the story
And then I suppose you could take on the bosses you might have to get really creative to beat them without the experience from the trash mobs
But I know there are some people that are playing through Final Fantasy 7 with the whole no encounter thing in place
And then using the other cheats to come with the game to push through it just to experience the story
And I'm sure some people will be doing that as well with Final Fantasy 9 which is currently imminent basically on Steam
You see the page there for it
Alright let's take a chance on FOOGLE
We're gonna take Facebook and Google Plus and slam those words together you get FOOGLE
And every week here on Orange Lounge Radio we do like to ask a question of our Facebook community at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
And then also on Google Plus which is still around for you non-facebook people that's google.com slash plus orange lounge radio
And the question we asked tonight has to do with the story that we had earlier about the Mario Maker DLC
Because remember we talked about that Southwest had actually sponsored that so we wanted to ask our listeners this week
What costume would you put in Super Mario Maker and for fun who do you think should sponsor the costume?
Alan I'd be very curious to hear your answer in a minute
But in the meantime let's get to some of the chatters answers over on Facebook
Andy R says I don't know what costume but clearly Red Bull has to sponsor something right?
That's all they do these days yet somehow they still sell that disgusting drink
Hey
That Loki lives on
Degenerate Johnny says for obvious reasons I would want to see Mario in N7 armor from Mass Effect
As for sponsors as much as I would love to see the N7 armor sponsored by Jagermeister it'll most likely be sponsored by EA
Not to be a buzzkill Degenerate Johnny because I love that idea but EA and Wii U they don't really get along anymore
That was a bad breakup
How about Redertainment is up next on Facebook saying a red star power up brought to you by Heineken
Because there's a red star in the Heineken logo
Okay, maybe not how about wood Mario brought to you by Viagra
Because never mind I won't explain it
As Joe and Hunter Matt says I'm gonna rehash that ridiculous Apple is buying Nintendo rumor and say Apple
Mario's costume would feature a black turtleneck and jeans to resemble Steve Jobs
Luigi would also have a Tim Cook costume
Hopefully the costume pack won't bend the game or brick when you update the OS
And that's what the little sassy colon P face so
Dark Tetsuya last on Facebook saying spam Hormel foods the level would just be a bunch of enemy stars and items spam
Because obviously and the costume of course would be a little blue spam can
These ideas are so silly I love it
Let's try going over to Google Plus and check out some of the answers on Google Plus if I can actually make
The only problem is man after I start to install some of these new things I got to do on the computer
Some of my stuff is running slower
Alan need you to scrub down this computer for me do your fix it magic
Because that's what you do you fix computers right and install shoutcast and install one amp
No all right a couple answers on Google Plus tonight tech 2030 saying a power up that turns you into baby Mario
Brought to you by Pampers
That's funny I like that one that's a good one
And then lastly from Prince Peach Fuzz presenting Ron Jeremy Mario from the guys at Pornhub
There it is Google question of the week
Alan did you think one what's a costume you'd like to see and who would it be sponsored by
I have two
Captain Falcon spin sponsored by Kleenex to wipe your tears because there's never going to be an F-Zero game again
Ass
And then the slime drop from Dragon's Quest the iconic little slime and that would be brought to you by Sudafed to stop post nasal drip
Those are some good answers see you're funny he's funny you guys he's really funny all right
SSG100 Matt in chat says low blow Alan on the F-Zero reference low blow
I think they should have Kool-Aid man sponsored by Kool-Aid because you can just bash right through walls
Just run straight through the walls there's nothing
You guys are far more creative than I would be that's for sure thank you guys for answering the Fugu question of the week
Be sure to follow us on Facebook and Google Plus so you can answer the question next week
I usually post it the day of the show just because the way those algorithms work I'm likely to keep that post
I'm just disappointed that any of the costumes that they have don't change the gameplay like the you know that Super Mario crossover thing did
You know that was a little bit more interesting
I might be asking a lot of Nintendo
Oh god forbid you put some fucking effort into your game
Now hold up hold up Super Mario maker in my opinion was the best game they released last year so they took a lot of effort Logan
Well and okay it's the best game that they released last year that's not saying much they could have put more effort into it
PC people put more effort into it I just don't understand why they couldn't do that
That PC thing is a little embarrassing
Alright anyhow did that get shut down yet we didn't follow up on that
Actually no you got to do the next story Logie
It's on the internet so it's you know it's probably not going anywhere
Alan did you want to throw something out there before we move on
I did have a question so I know that you make sure that you scan all of your amiibos into Mario maker
But don't you have like 30 now at this point that still need to be scanned into a Yoshi yarn party or whatever
Yeah I probably need to catch up on Yoshi yarn but I did scan them all into Mario maker
The only one I haven't even tried is Shovel Knight but I really don't think he's there
Yeah
But I'm caught up like when I got Dedede and all those other newer ones that I got
Actually I don't know if I did Palutena
Cuz I just got that
Cuz you get through your four a week and then you'll be like okay I'm all caught up and then I'll be like did you scan in these four
Shut up
Until now
I really am in it for the figures more than I am the scanning in the games
Cuz I mean when was the last time I made a Mario level it's been a while
I actually started working on one but I kinda I don't know I didn't make it
My Mario levels still get played though I'm really impressed
I'm gonna work with Dark Tetsuya and find the episode of you originally hearing about the amiibo and shitting all over him and I'm gonna make it my ringtone
Please do
Please that's how it's lasted six years
You also get him to start his vog jam game as well
Oh fuck off read the next story
So anyways
Let's talk a little bit about how there's not gonna be Assassin's Creed game next year
Well geez
That's disappointing I suppose
Apparently though the next game they're gonna be doing is gonna be set in Egypt
But it's not gonna be coming out next year
Because they're taking some time to make the game better since I think the last one that came out was fucking a mess
Maybe they decided that the yearly release wasn't really in their best interest
Actually the last one was supposedly pretty decent
It was the one to, Assassin's Creed Unity was the one that was a hot mess
I thought syndicate was bad too but maybe not maybe it wasn't as bad but
Unity was a mess
So but taking more time to make your game better not a bad thing at all
Not a bad thing at all
Take the time to make it right put it in the oven a little while longer let it cook in the boiling oil a little while longer
Watch Dogs 2 apparently a real thing and apparently coming this year
This time though it will be set in San Francisco
Which good that'll be a city I know the layout of a lot better than Chicago
So maybe I'll get to find
Maybe I will play Watch Dogs 1 before that time
Because I still have that from when I bought my Playstation 4 last year and I still have not played that game
Well when the sequel is about to come out the original will be like bargain basement prices if you still haven't caught up
So who knows what platforms it will be out on because you know Watch Dogs came out for Wii U
But kind of didn't do so hot I mean the fact that it took so long after the other platforms
Probably had something to do with that so we don't know if it'll be on the NX or if it'll be a PS4, Xbox One thing
We will see and that might there might they're saying that could be what they do instead of Assassin's Creed
That makes sense
Yeah that could be their big push this year in lieu of no Assassin's Creed
Hopefully it won't be as delayed as Watch Dogs 1 was
We thought while we are joined by Alan tonight we'd let him do a story so Alan what do you have for us?
I see you giving me this one story to report on hearts which I didn't even hear about because I don't go on Twitter
So Half-Life is a game that I'm a huge fan of and we've been waiting nine eight or nine years for an announcement of Half-Life 3
Since Half-Life 2 Episode 2 was released and of course it does exist in some form in a binder of you know proof of concept art
And little post-it notes of scripty bits in under Gabe Newell's bed
It exists only in Gabe's dreams
Yes so the main writer for that is a he had I think at least two or three novels published before he teamed up with Gabe Newell to do Half-Life way back in like 1996
Mark Laidlaw and there is a guy who works for BioWare under Dragon Age who I believe is Mike Laidlaw and I get them confused constantly
They're not allowed to have such similar names but Mark Laidlaw was the co-creator and sole writer of Half-Life
He knows who the G-Man is in relation to Gordon he knows who G-Man's employers are he knows what the combines are allegedly
He knows where the fuck Half-Life 3 is
Yeah he's probably written and rewritten a script five times over in the last ten years for that game and they haven't touched it
So someone from Reddit emailed him or reached out to him in some way basically saying like oh my god can you tell us anything about Half-Life 3 since you're the writer
And he announced that actually quite recently he had parted ways with Valve amicably as I understand ending an 18 year relationship with the company
There's a really great quote here Laidlaw says that he quit for personal reasons mostly so that he can focus on self-directed writing projects
As in I have content that I wish to release can I release it please? No? Okay
I want to be able to say here's this thing that I made
I have this trilogy I'm working on and I know that's not really part of your business model
Yeah right
It's called Game of Thrones a song of what's the actual book called for that?
That's what he's been working on this whole time
So that's interesting I mean obviously I'm sure he's been well compensated for the storyboarding and stuff that he's done on Half-Life 3 in whatever form it exists in
But anything after that or any revisions that they want to make if Gabe wants to scrap the script for the 15th time or whatever the fuck his damage is
Mark Laidlaw will no longer be a part of that
I look forward to Half-Life 3 a song of crowbars and headcrabs
There's the show title for tonight
Maybe this will be the year guys
I don't care anymore I've got my own little headcanon about what goes on
It's not even about Half-Life 3 at this point it's about the announcement of Half-Life 3
More about the announcement than the game
I'm not even really giving a shit about Half-Life 3 I would just like something new from them
Like if that's Left 4 Dead 3, Portal 3, Half-Life 3 something completely different from all of that
They've been so hardware focused the last 5 years
I really really you guys want Gabe to come out on stage at E3
Look at the audience, look in the mic and go Half-Life 3 sluts and then drop the mic and walk away
It'll just have to be a crowbar with a 3 behind it behind it doesn't have to say anything and then he'll just like
He could just drop trow and pee on the audience and wouldn't even
He'll go up against a wall and just pop his pussy in a handstand
I broke Rob is so great when I do that
Explicit tag of the night goes to
For a big guy that's hard to do you gotta put your legs up and you're on your hands
Alright next story Loki Loki
Anyways so there's a lot of stuff coming out this year and from Sony they've got about 20 exclusives or so
So these are going to be the list of titles that are going to be touring I guess with the
I don't know if they have like what they call it the Playstation 4 tour
Not really sure what they're calling it this time but they've got
Horizon Zero Dawn, Uncharted 4, Street Fighter 5, The Last Guardian
Yeah I'll believe that when I see it
Gran Turismo Sport, Firewatch which I don't believe is exclusive but it is something that's coming to the Playstation as an indie title
What Remains of Edith Finch, Shadow of the Beast, Boundless Near Automata, Gravity Rush 2, Alienation, Hellblade, Paragon, The Witness
Ratchet and Clank, The Tomorrow Children, Drawn to Death, Dreams, and No Man's Sky
God No Man's Sky is going to be awesome
What's It Finally Comes Out
So that's going to be the full list of titles touring hopefully within the next 12 months
And hopefully we'll see like a tour date close to us at some point
Well I'm excited that Sony is kind of especially after coming last year where you know at the holidays they didn't really have a lot of big first person stuff
They're really making an effort to be this year
Okay guys this year it's going to be different it's going to be very different
And that's not even counting things that are unannounced that may be a surprise until holiday
Although I kind of I don't know if we have that from Sony this year
I kind of think like we already know
So it'll be like PlayStation VR and that's about it
Yeah but VR you know this came up on our call with Bobby tonight
VR supposedly still confirmed for the first half of the year so E3 would be too late to announce it
Unless they're going to do that whole available today thing which I just I don't know that doesn't that doesn't seem like it would work in 2016
Not with something like that I mean if you think about the consumers or like those stores that have to stock that crap
That's too risky of like something that's that high price and oh hey here's no announcement whatsoever
I mean they
People got to save up money for that
Available today at sonyentertainment.com
Order online or Amazon exclusive or something I don't know I'm just making shit up now you guys that's what happens on Video Game Podcast
I was also going to say you know along with that you know apparently the Cas Horizon said that there's going to be over a hundred titles
And they're in development right now for PlayStation VR so hopefully they say that we have more 200 developers signed up for the PlayStation VR program
Who are working on probably a hundred or more titles that will play on PlayStation VR
I hope that's the case
I guess that's showing a real commitment to it I hope that plays out too
But working on and when they're released is a whole different thing too so
True
We'll see
I mean still it's good to know it's not just something they're going to support for a year and then drop off the face of the earth like
I really do hope as a whole the whole thing works it I hope it does end up being the next big thing because I honestly would love to have like something like the HoloLens
That actually works like they're showing it now and not actually how it actually works you know what I mean
You know I would love to have that like oh you know virtual computer space and stuff where I'm doing like crazy shit you know applications on the walls and stuff like that
I've already decided I'm waiting on HoloLens until Xbox 2 or whatever obviously that's not what they're going to call it but I'm going to wait on HoloLens until the next Xbox
I've already made that decision unless there is that must have game I just have to leave the door open to crack because we all know I go back on the big claims I make
Hello amiibo right Alan?
Yes
If there is that must have game on HoloLens then we'll see but I don't think some of these things that I'm hearing about so far must have
But was it E3? E3 could be the time we'll see
Anyhow you guys remember we talked about a Kickstarter it was a little while ago in fact it would have been last year talking about Descent Underground
And Descent Underground was a game that had its Kickstarter up and then it's supposed to be launching this year and you had to pledge $25
Well apparently the game is now available on Early Access through IndieGala.com's Monday Bundle for $2
That's right so even though people Kickstarted this for $25 you could still buy it on Early Access for $2 as well as 5 other titles
So some people who backed the game for $25 not too happy about that
I'd buy that for $2 actually it's $2.49 if we want to
Let's see if chat can guess this movie reference $2 you owe me $2
I know that
Well anyhow the developer closed the thread and responded for saying the bundle was for charity
And apparently though I guess the developer posted a snippet from the Wikipedia page that says
Just like in Humble Bundle buyers can set the revenue split between the developers, charities, and organizers
And some folks pointing out that if you actually bought it you didn't get any type of slider that said
Do you want to give this to charity or what do you want to do?
Descendants Studios?
No that's bull- well I don't know let's see here I'm purchasing it right now
You're like I can get it for $2 hell yeah
Descendants Studios standing by that they believe the bundle would go to support charity and did not know that the bundle would be this cheap
By the way it should be pointed out that back in November Descent Underground was selling 70% off on Steam's Black Friday sales event
While still an Early Access game
Bobby Blackwolf in chat over at live.voguenetwork.com says I paid $40 for Amplitude and Sky bought it for $20 should I get a refund?
Probably
No but my serious answer is you know that when you get in on Kickstarter and you're putting in that kind of money you're helping to fund the game
Terrorism
Shut up
I put in $60 I think on the Shadowgate remake which is like dirt fucking cheap now I'm not pissed
I knew that Shadowgate needed X amount of money to come back and I wanted to see it really come back so I put in money that got my name in the credits
Which not a lot of games are now at standard fare but at the time there wasn't a lot of games offering to do that and yeah I'm happy with the decision I made
I'm fine with it I'm glad that game happened it was good the soundtrack was fun so yeah
And Bobby Blackwolf says I'm not pissed either because I actually like Amplitude unlike people who are wrong
You know what though that's good I'm glad you can stand by the purchase you made that's fine
We talked about handbags last week and it still blows my mind how people spend $1000 on a fucking bag
Yet I know plenty of ladies and some dudes who are all about that type of price and why it's worth it and how it's worth it and all that stuff
And I'm like okay that's not something I'll understand but hey it's your money spend it how you like
Anyway moving on to the mailbag I think it's time to open up the mailbag because every week we invite your emails to participate at orangeloungeradio.com
If you want to participate with the program we're going to open up that mailbag right now and dive in
Except for the fact that I don't actually have it open on the screen because I'm not used to having to do this myself usually I have Dark Sakura
I should have made Alan do this tonight while he's here but you've been spared email duty tonight Alan
Yay
Plus your phone probably wouldn't be very good for doing that
We have some emails from some of our regular emails tonight we have two emails tonight and the first one is from Ray Genator
And you guys if you think oh they keep reading emails from the same people maybe you should email us tell us your perspective
Tell us why you paid 40 bucks for amplitude or you know anything on tonight's topics
First one comes to us from Ray Genator
Hi people it's Ray Genator I hope all is well as I type this I'm well on my way to getting a new gaming desktop
I have roughly half the money saved up good job on saving
I'm still on track for getting the computer in mid April I've been looking at Newegg's site off and on while at the local library
And I'm leaning towards getting an AMD 6th gen desktop provided there's nothing better that I can afford coming out in the meantime
Nor are there any awesome sales on any of the Nvidia PCs when I go to place my order
Now I should mention that despite the aforementioned info there may be the possibility that I may take an extra month wait and having my home internet and whatnot restored
I haven't made a concrete decision regarding this yet the reasoning behind the possibility is this should I go forward with this it'll net me an extra 250 or so to put towards computer accessories
While I haven't picked out and bought a specific PC just yet more than likely and unlike my old laptop it won't come with a built in microphone and webcam
While webcams from what I've seen are fairly cheap a good headset can be kind of pricey upwards of $200 or so
I'm going to hold off on buying those especially the headset until I actually have my PC but those are on my radar nonetheless
On a closing note did you three see the one sale on GOG or Good Old Games roughly a week ago from the time I'm typing this where their Duke Nukem games were 75-90% off
The reason behind the sale was due to the games were to be delisted immediately after the sale and wanted to get in some last minute sales revenue
I did not hear about that sale which is funny because I have Duke Nukem on Good Old Games because they gave it away for free some time ago
I don't think I ever actually paid for that I think I got it for free that might have been like I spent $10 on something else and I got that thrown in I don't know
But I had no idea that it was being delisted interesting I wonder if something's cooking for the anniversary I wonder why the delisting happened now I don't know
Dr Tutsi in chat saying I remember that giveaway that's how I got Duke Nukem as well
YYR giving some comments in chat saying nobody needs a $200 headset you can get a decent headset for under $100 William Ritterface saying you get a decent headset for under $50
S200 Matt says don't get a webcam unless you plan on using it often you can get a webcam for $20 seriously webcams are super cheap and some webcams have built in microphones
YYR in chat says use the rock band microphone if I had nothing else again I don't know if Rage Nator has rock band but it's an idea
So yeah you don't necessarily need to drop a lot of money on that stuff especially right away
Hitstun in chat says I just bought a new desktop PC just waiting on the case to arrive so I can build it I took your advice and speced it out on PC part picker and he actually shared the link
for his PC build that he did on PC part picker so I think that was something I don't know if that was Loki I feel like you brought that to the show Alan because you did that on my PC
Yeah Alan did that on my PC that he built for me well I guess god that's two in 2014 now it was a while ago time to update the video card I got more games to play this year
One more email tonight from YYR who says hello LR don't know if this is the first mailbag entry of 2016 it's tied with Rage Nators I suppose because we didn't have any last week right so it's tied
But at the least it's my very first long winded email of 2016 to LR anyway and thanks to Kaijuto the game I played most in 2015 was a mobile game of all things King of Thieves
I now play it on three different devices and have thrown at least $30 at it thanks Kaijuto I think yeah he got me playing that game too I remember that on a phone call a while ago
Regarding the show computer Windows Update still works for Windows XP no new updates are being released but you can still download and install everything that's there
I will say however that I'm a fan of the if it ain't broke don't fix it advice and if I were in your shoes I'd hang on to what you've got for the moment
If you do want to go to Windows 7 or newer the most important thing is RAM 2 gig is the absolute minimum I'd say but if you're doing live streaming I won't try I wouldn't try less than 4
I'm going to do a quick side tangent because it's interesting the computer thing got some comments last week and I actually received a communication on Facebook so I won't say who it was
It was a friend of mine who said dude you shouldn't have talked about that on the show and you should probably think about updating Windows 7 because Windows XP is vulnerable and so somebody could just get right in your computer
Now I pointed out that we do use a third party to relay the show I'm not broadcasting directly from the computer but that certainly did have me thinking
Anytime you're putting out media on the internet you take a little bit of a risk like that I suppose you know our website has been defaced before it's nothing you know it just comes with the territory being on the internet
There's going to be little troll kids who want to you know put pictures of tub girl and stuff just to get a ruffle your feathers but that was the best argument I've heard yet for breaking my if it ain't broke don't fix it rule
Honestly because after reading that I was like okay I may have the whole third party thing in place and I may be a little safer because of it but he makes a good point is that you know Windows XP does still have vulnerabilities
And I got to make sure being on the internet we were minimized to that type of stuff right
Even if there are like if you could go right now into XP and go Windows update and pull down whatever security like they're not supporting it anymore and that they're not coming out with new stuff
Given what you went through with Skype right even if there is stuff that you could use to bring your XP more up to date would you even want to run it knowing what you'd be at what would be at risk as far as the computer working right
Now let me say this as a side story that's also scared me off from upgrading I have a friend who's interested in starting a podcast so since it's not something announced yet I'm not going to tell you what it is
But a friend of mine is working on potentially launching a podcast soon and wanted to get a sound card for their computer like mine and the question was how do you do OLR I kind of want to be able to mirror that sort of thing
So I told him what type of sound card I had and we put it in his computer he's running Windows 10 and I can't get that fucking sound card to work
And this person's computer is top of the line
And I can't figure out for the life of me and maybe I'm going to crowd source this so the sound card is an Audigy 5RX and the deal is is that to tape from Sound Blaster the way I'm able to run music on like let's say Winamp like let's say hey it's time for the mailbag
And I can do all that live instead of having to patch it in later the reason I can do that is because Sound Blasters have a thing built into it called what you the letter U here
And that's a source that you can use to record just like you can microphone and line in but the reason why this all works is that we have our mixing board that goes to the line in and then that goes through what you hear
Here's the problem I'm having with my friend's computer for some reason in Windows 10 I can have the microphone or the line in or the what you hear but I can't have them all
I enable one the others get disabled and I can't figure out what the fuck is going on because and we tried receiving the sound card that was I went on the internet googled it that's what somebody said they did was that they moved the sound card and it fixed the problem
Try doing that and it didn't fix the problem so I don't know what it is
And it's using the mic jack in the front right in the front of the case that's hooked up for anyone who has a fairly recent PC case there's like the headphone and microphone jack up in the front where the power button is you don't have to climb behind your computer every time you want to like take off your headset
We was using the mic from up front there right
Yeah. Now, Tigerclaw by the way pointing out another solution is to use a program called virtual audio cable. Now, what I ended up doing, I set this person up with the Skype recorder and Skype so that they could podcast and they're enabled to do that and they can see if that's what they want to do. So, at least there's a workaround, but I feel really bad and kind of guilty
Because they bought a sound card specifically for this. Exactly. I told them to buy the sound card because that's what OLR does and now it won't freaking work and I can see where this person is probably really frustrated with having spent the money on the sound card they can't get to work but it's like okay in my system it just works and I don't know if it's an XP versus 10 thing which is maybe possible. I don't know.
Don't they make external USB sound cards now that have like a mic jack in it that's like the what you hear stuff?
Yeah, they do, but I'm not going to tell this person to buy something else now. Yeah, I know. So, I don't know. So anyway, I don't know.
Just so many motherboards now come with, especially if they're a gaming rig, come with on built-in audio stuff that isn't terrible that the idea of buying a Creative Labs sound card separately and using a PCI slot is super like 90s early 2000s to me. Like I have one of course, but it's so unnecessary now.
The sound card in this computer is the oldest thing about it. This sound card is as old as OLR, if not older. I'm rocking a sound card from 2001.
Make sure that there are drivers for it if you decide to upgrade from XP to 7 or 10. Right? Because you might lose it by way of software.
Alright, let's see. Mr. Blackwolf in our chat room pointing out my Realtek and C-Audio sound devices have stereo mix, which is the same as Creative's what you hear. Yeah, I've heard that stereo mix is pretty much the equivalent of that on other sound cards.
Realtek is what this person's onboard audio is, but we disabled it first.
Yes. So, I don't, I don't know. And Tiger Class says I have a Sound Blaster Rec on 3D. A dedicated sound card is better than the onboard due to the audio quality being better.
So, and then Bobby Blackwolf pointing out I bought a laptop that has stereo mix card in it. It was Realtek, but unfortunately it delays the audio half a second, so it's really hard to use live.
So yeah, I'm hoping, praying somebody out there might have the answer to this question because I'm stumped and I feel so bad that I told this person to buy a card, but I said this is what we do at OLR and I expected it would work just as easy, but it doesn't, so I'm frustrated.
So, I don't know. We'll see. Alright. I almost closed the email. I wasn't even close to being done. Sorry YYR. Tangent there, but it was relevant to what we were talking about.
So, back to YYR's email. On the subject of Konami, you've talked about how a change at the top might be a good idea and about the possibility of their entertainment division getting sold, but have you considered the possibility that nobody in Japan thinks that there's a problem with what they're doing?
That's my belief and I don't think it'll change unless and until they try releasing a Metal Gear Solid 6 in North America and find a big old American middle finger waiting for them.
Then they'll be thoroughly perplexed as to what happened. Culture shock. Those are my guesses. What do you think?
Yes, I think you're actually, you feel the same way I do, but just phrased a different way. I think Japan, I shouldn't phrase it that way, sorry. I think the Japanese end of Konami is so like in a bubble that I think they are completely clueless, but I think part of that is caused by stubbornness, which I said is the downfall of the company is that stubbornness and it's doing them in.
But I think you're absolutely right. They'll finally realize it when they try to release shit here and we're not having it anymore.
Unless they are having it and they're going to buy it anyways, even after they complained all this time.
Let's hope not. Here's something that hasn't appeared on many news sites. Do you remember the Ask Me Anything that Kevin Bacchus, a senior VP at Dave & Buster's did on Reddit some months ago?
At that time, he mentioned that he was interested in testing DDR 2014. Well, the test happened and as a direct result, approximately half of Dave & Buster's 73 nationwide locations will be getting DDR 2014 machines with full e-amusement support later this year.
The exact locations are not yet known, but this information comes straight from Bacchus himself. I don't know about you guys, but I'm super excited about the official return of DDR to American arcades.
Is Konami still involved, though?
Aren't those stages not very good, though? I don't remember if they are or not.
You know what? I will give it a shot and hey, if it did well in the test locations, that must lend itself well.
Actually, I have seen the DDR 2014 machines. The new cabinets are pretty sweet looking, so we'll see.
And YYR saying, I do hope that the Konami negativity does not affect the DDR 2014 rollout.
They could put somebody else's logo on it. I'm just being a bitch at this point.
I have an idea. How about they put just a Hideo Kojima game or something like that.
And lastly, YYR saying, I'll leave it at that for now. Time to review the first draft of my provisional patent application that the lawyer just sent me an hour ago.
Legalese is super fun, except that it isn't really fun at all. Have a fun week, everyone. Hugs and kisses, Aaron or YYR. Are you trademarking bungee ferret tossing? I just want to know.
He said patent application, so that would be patenting something.
Oh, I'm curious to see what this is. The plot thickens. Good luck, YYR. Looking forward to seeing you at MAGFest.
And good luck with the patent and all that. I hope you talk to Kyle about that, because after that episode, we know that guy has been through a lot with that.
So hopefully he had some insight for that.
It is that time to get into the FUs of the week. A point to rant on the show, because we can.
How about Loki?
Loki. I guess I'm just a nephew to my new schedule. I mean, it's cool that I have Saturdays off, but I don't like not having the extra time in the morning.
It makes it hard for me to get lunch for the week and stuff like that that I used to do in that free time that I had, and now I don't. It's just very constricting, I guess.
And the fact that I'm unable to be motivated enough to work on my game. I really want to, but I'm just brain dead sometimes to do that. But I really just need to try harder.
I can't really think of a lot of angst right now. FU to the sloppy Ingress battle I've been doing for the past two days. That's been a waste of gas, but kind of fun, so whatever.
Otherwise, things are going pretty well. I really can't find anything serious to give an FU to. I guess FU to the weekend going by so fast. This weekend flew by. Flew by! Alan?
FU, I guess, to like, this is the longest I've worn my hair in years and years and years, and I need a haircut. It's higher maintenance than I'm used to, and I somehow have motivation to go to my barber.
Which is totally like a vain and really superficial FU, but hair in my face.
At least you have hair. True. Alright. Just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line for a little bit. We're running kind of long tonight again.
But we'll try opening it up for a little bit, see what calls get through just after a couple more stories here. So, Loki.
Alright, so we're just a little bit away from the Game Development Choice Awards and the Game Developers Conference, but along with that, they're seeing some of the nominees that are kind of leading the pack.
The Witcher 3 and Metal Gear Solid 5. So, that's pretty awesome. Also, Bloodborne, Fallout 4, and Splatoon. So, I guess we'll find out who's going to win that on March 16th.
Kind of seeing a very common theme amongst a lot of the nominees seem to be, you know, you see here Witcher, I've heard Splatoon a lot, but they're all good games.
I do need to check out the Witcher 3, I think. That might be cool.
Yeah, I really need to spend more time with that, and what a good time this part of the year where there's really nothing else coming out right now.
And lastly, speaking of award shows, I think this is great. Voting is now open for the second annual CW, as in the television network, the CW, World Dog Awards.
And guess what? Video games are included. You can actually go to the CW's website, CWTV.com, and you can actually vote for your favorite, I guess, dog from a video game.
Dogmeat from Fallout 4, D-Dog from Metal Gear Solid 5, and Chop from Grand Theft Auto 5. Top video game dog.
There's also TV and movie dogs, best celebrity selfie with their dog, best rescue story, and more.
So, I thought what better note to end the show on than puppies. So, there you go.
And I just think it's funny that best video game dog now being included, but hey, it has been a big year for video game dogs.
So, would you vote for Chop, the Grand Theft Auto dog? Loki?
He's alright. I don't know. Probably not.
Alright, the Skype line is open. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to give us a call.
You can give your feedback on any topic we've talked about tonight, or maybe something we missed, or maybe some type of game you've been playing. Who knows?
Ooh, it's lighting up, so let's get to it. Hello, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on? It's Ron.
Hey, buddy. How you doing?
I'm pretty good. I'm kind of stuffed from dinner, though.
I'm still stuffed from dinner I ate on Friday, so I feel your pain.
But, like Jamie, I'm also having barbecue, so yeah.
Yeah, rub it in, rub it in. Well, what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, I call to give advice on the whole podcasting situation that you discussed earlier.
Oh, really?
Alright, because what I did is something along the lines of what I got from Travis Donovan.
I run my entire podcast through a mix board, but what I do is I use a USB mixer.
That way, I have the line in open, and no matter what I throw through there, it picks up without any issues.
Huh.
I think that would be the best way to go, because I do have a Sound Blaster card, but I use it more for audio,
and I have a 5.1 speaker system that is amazing, but that's neither here nor there.
But when I'm doing my podcast, I have my little Behringer USB mixer here.
It handles my Skype calls when we're live, and when I set up my second computer for the Skype line,
I have a line in for that, and it handles that as well.
Yeah, but if his sound card won't do the line in and what you hear at the same time, I don't...
Oh, I see what you're talking about, though. You run the Skype through another application.
Yeah, because what was happening... I used to use a whole Skype recorder thing,
but then when you gave the option and the opportunity to go live, I'm like, I have to figure out a better way to do this.
So, a little bit of research. With this mixer, I can set the Skype for line in,
so whoever calls in is picked up on any issues, and I actually have a secondary external sound device.
You've heard of Astro, right?
Yeah.
I have their mixer to use to hook up to the television or surround sound for gaming.
I use it as an external sound device, which controls the music in the background.
You know, it's a process that sounds like it would work. I just would hate to tell them,
oh, you've got to buy this other thing now, because what I told you wasn't enough.
So, I'm being stubborn, and I feel like it should work what we've got.
Yeah, and one thing about Sound Blaster, when I jumped to Windows 7 64-bit,
I ran into some issues with their drivers, and I had to go dig in for third-party alternatives just to get them to work.
Ooh, I wonder if it has to do with 64-bit, because he's got a top-of-the-line computer.
Yeah, that's it, yes.
Huh, I didn't think about that. You hearing that, Alan?
Could do with the fact that it's 64-bit, and the OLR computer definitely isn't that.
Interesting. We'll have to look into that. That's a darn good suggestion.
I like the idea of third-party drivers who might have to do it.
Hey, send me an email with some suggestions on where to get third-party drivers,
because I have no idea where to go looking.
Will do, and when you guys redo the computer for OLR, I would just recommend picking up a simple USB mixer.
Then you can use your original Mix port in, but this thing handles everything coming in and out.
Good suggestion. I appreciate it.
Yeah, no problem, dude.
All right, take care, my friend. I'm going to let you go to try and grab some more calls.
You got it.
All right, and by the way, Anime Jam Session, back this week, right?
Yes, we're doing our best of 2015, because we feel, why do our best in 2015 at the end of the year?
Let's just wait until 2016, then look back.
All right, fair enough. Do it your way.
You got it, bro.
All right, take care.
You got it. Bye.
Bye.
All right, we have another call coming in. Let's get to our next call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hello, it's YYR.
Hey, buddy, how you doing?
Not too bad, not too bad. I mean, I'm still a little disappointed about the whole being wait-listed for MAGFest thing, but you know what?
The last time I didn't make it into the showcase, I walked around the indie area, and there were a lot of really impressed games there.
So I'm sure I won't be disappointed this year if multitasking was wait-listed, so there's that.
Fingers crossed for you, for what it's worth.
Yeah. Well, I'll be crossing my fingers, my toes, and my eyes.
So what's on your mind?
Oh, well, I figured I'd let you in on a little more information. I know you guys know about 2DX Infinitas, the new home version released in Japan.
It actually came out last month. It is, of course, Japan only. In fact, the only way you can pay for it is using Aselli, which is their Konami funny money used mostly for their arcade games.
Right.
In fact, now here's the pricing scheme. Now, I guarantee you, your reaction to this is going to be, ah, Konami.
Lay it on me.
You ready for this? So you don't buy it outright, of course. What you pay for is a basic subscription, which lasts one month, and this costs 15.98 Aselli, which is really the same as Yen, so you're talking about 13.5 bucks. All right?
Okay.
And what do you get for this? You get to play the game as it is right now. It is just standard mode, there's no free mode, there's no courses, there's no class mode, no beginner mode, nothing.
It's about 40 songs. Oh, can you hear me?
Yeah.
Hello?
Yep, we hear you.
Skype just came up and said there's a problem.
There's a little bit of a delay, but it's not the end of the world, but go ahead.
All right, cool. So most of the songs are from Sirius, 2DX17, because that's the first home version that didn't come out.
Makes sense.
But not all of it. Most of it, but not all of it. So it's just 40 songs, just standard mode, and that's all you get for me. Now, here's the rub.
I think this combines the worst of two worlds, an MMO and PlayStation Plus. They have added 10 songs to the game for January, right?
But you don't actually get the songs added to your game permanently unless you are subscribing during January.
If you're one of these people who's like, I'm going to wait until more songs are in the game, that doesn't work, because every month you are not subscribing, you don't get those songs.
Yeah, I'm not having it. I'm not a fan of that. I mean, maybe they'll come back to some songs at some point, but that seems a little... I think that'll kind of backfire on them.
I mean, I don't know, but the Japanese culture might forgive that more than we would over here.
They did announce that they may come back to some songs in the future, but if you think about it, it's like, well, every song they repeat is a new song I'm not getting, so it works both ways.
Now, there's also a championship mode that they added to the game, right, that has a chorus of four songs that will be added to the standard mode if you complete that course while it's being offered.
But in order to play that, you have to buy an Infinitas ticket, which is sold for 108 yen for one use.
Oh my god, no.
They're selling these one-use tickets, and there will be more modes added to the game that require them.
So they're trying to make your PC an arcade machine that they directly take the money from. That's what it is.
Essentially...
Nah, I don't think so.
Hence the whole discussion earlier on Konami being stubborn and this is going to blow up on them eventually.
And you don't own anything, of course. You stop paying, that's it. You're done. You get nothing.
Now, in fairness, before somebody else points it out that I'm not being fair, Guitar Hero has that whole thing where, you know, you can use a credit to play a song one time and all that.
But my understanding as well with Guitar Hero is that there's a 24-7 feed of, you know, random songs, and you're not paying a monthly fee on top of it either with Guitar Hero.
It's not there, so there's a big difference.
You can put those songs in the feed for free, and, not to mention, you also, I mean, you paid $60 for it or, you know, $100 with the controller or whatever you paid when it was on sale, but you do still have an offline game that you own. So, there's that.
Why do I have this weird feeling that, we were talking about crackers and hackers earlier, why do I have this weird feeling someone's going to reverse engineer Infinitoss and just kind of cut out Konami and put out whatever songs they want? I really feel like that's going to be a thing.
You know what, I'm not so sure, only because you've already got the arcade rip of, you know, version 22 out there if you know where to go, and, well, that's got like 700 plus songs in it, so why would you waste your time with Infinitoss?
Because I can.
Now, here's the thing, too. Let's say you're not sure Infinitoss will run on your computer. The fuckery continues, it's amazing. Konami posted a trial version on their website that you can download. Sounds good, right?
So, the trial version is, you start it and there's two buttons, start and exit. Start goes straight into a one song, it gives you 5-1-1 on normal, and it auto-plays it.
So it's like a benchmark software, it's not really a demo, it's a benchmark.
Exactly, and you can't even test the sync with your controller because you can't do anything. And then it's over, and it kicks you back to that menu. Start or exit.
Yeah, I think there's a good reason why that game's not coming out outside Japan, and we'll see how well it does in Japan.
I guess we will.
Yeah, I hope we have a good week.
Thank you. I don't know who's driving a Konami right now, but they're about to drive right into a wall, and it's so painful to watch. So painful.
They're driving the desert bus.
They are. They're driving the desert bus right off the road.
YYR, I'm gonna let you go, we've got a delay going on here, but I'll see you at MagFest in about six weeks.
I look very much forward to seeing you there.
Alright, take care my friend.
Take care, have a good one.
You too.
Alright, I think that's gonna do it for calls tonight, because we're well after nine o'clock, which is midnight on the East Coast.
So we're gonna go ahead and move to wrap up tonight.
But if you didn't get through, and you want to email the show, again, participate at orangeontrader.com, you can also tweet us.
I do read all the tweets, even if I don't always get to them on air.
I'm still waiting for a week where we're only at like two hours long, and we're like desperate for more information.
But I do read all the tweets, and I do read all the stuff on Facebook and all that stuff, so thank you guys who continue to put that out there.
Checking in with Loki real quick to see if there's any last minute stories. I kind of doubt it, but I'll check in.
Not really, no.
I think we hit most of it. It was relatively a slow news week.
I can't believe we filled all that time, but that's what happens sometimes.
So we managed to have enough rants to fill up an entire hour of show.
So anyway, that is gonna do it for another episode of Orange On Radio.
Hey, I want to thank Alan real quick for being on the show tonight and doing the classic game and filling in with some stories there.
I appreciate having him on.
Alan, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
No, not really.
No? I'm sure we'll see you again soon.
Yes.
Alright, sounds good.
And hey, I do want to remind you guys, if you enjoyed Orange On Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread word of mouth about the show.
You know, we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't participating, then we can't share them.
So help us grow our family.
You know, we don't ask for your money. We just ask for your recommendation.
And if you can't really think of anyone to tell online, or even if you can, we still do appreciate five star reviews on iTunes or Stitcher Radio or wherever it is that you found this show.
Because those reviews, they really do go a long way, and I really deeply appreciate each one of them where you take the 15 seconds to leave that review.
I would appreciate it.
I'm charging you less than 2DX Difinitas, okay? It could be a lot worse, people. It could be a lot worse.
Alright, that's it. We'll be back in seven days. Star Soccer will be back.
We'll talk about her trip to Disney now. We'll talk about what's coming up in gaming news.
But of course, I have to close out with everybody's final thought.
My final thought tonight is I think I'm finally, after all these weeks, gonna finally get around to playing Undertale this week.
See what all the hype is about.
You also need to play... it's like some pony game. Happy Pony?
I don't know that one.
It's similar to Undertale.
Alright, I'll check that out.
It's weird.
Alright, and last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is hopefully I'm gonna work some more on my game this week, but probably will end up just playing Fallout 4.
Alright, that's fair then. That's gonna do it. Have a good night everybody. Thank you for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
We'll see you again next week. Happy gaming. We'll see ya.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!